*|intro|name|Derek|wait|infinite|call|show_lp_history|msg|Hello Adventurer!  Welcome to Nirvana.  I'm Derek the Guide...yes, my surname really is "the Guide," and that's a long, uninteresting story.
Ironically enough, I'm here to help you learn the ropes.  We'll have you killing baddies -- or goodies if that's your scene -- in no time.
Before we begin, I need to know how much you already know.  Have you been on a MUD before?
If you haven't -- and maybe you aren't even sure what a MUD is -- please type "say no."  Oh, and every time I ask you to type something in quotation marks, I intend for you to type whatever is between them, not the quotation marks themselves.
If you understand commands such as: say, tell, and who, you can probably safely "say yes" to this question.
*|lpmud_info|name|Derek|msg|Ah, great.  I get to do my little history spiel.
:smiles and clears his throat like a history professor.
Basically, a long time ago -- well, okay, the 1970s -- computing was...fairly primitive.  In fact, the only people who really got to "play" with them were students or professors at large academic institutions.  These computers didn't have much graphic capability to speak of; everything was done in text, as it is here.
So some of these students got bored one day and said, "Hey!  We need a really groovy way to waste time.  Let's make a game."  And they did.  Dungeons & Dragons was an up-and-coming thing at the time, and these students were really into it.  So they made a game in which the player was in a dungeon running around killing dragons.  And it was good.  Or they thought so, anyway.
The game was distributed by a forerunner of the Internet -- ARPANET, the network Al Gore claims to have invented -- and it caught on like crazy.  Tens of students across the globe, those lucky enough to have access to the computers that could run the game, were wasting time with it.  A year or two passes, and its popularity spreads.
Another student who had been playing this game -- brilliantly named simply Dungeon -- thought, "Hey, man..."  Keep in mind that this is still the '70s...  He found Dungeon to be a bit of a lonely place, and longed to slay dragons with some buddies instead of hacking them up solo.  The number of machines on the network was steadily increasing, so he thought, "I'll make this game multiplayer via the network!  Then it will be even more like Dungeons & Dragons!"  He did, and thus was born the first Multi-User Dungeon...or MUD.
More time passed, and by the late '80s there were handful -- or two -- of variants of the MUD program living at various places on the Internet.  The Internet itself was still very much a non-commercial enterprise at this point, but it was readily available to a large number of students at universities worldwide.