Prison Area Idea

enter - 'commit crime'

random crime chosen from a list of 5 or 10 with varing sentances - see sentancing section.

random judge chosen from a list (ie, Judge Ito, Judge Roy Bean -the hangin judge, ETC) Judge Judy? (grin)

choose defense attorney...pay coins or go with public defender. 
  Top coinage gets good defense attorney (Johnny Cochran?) and better chance of innocent verdict (get something for innocent?
    coins from a slander suit you file)
  Mid coinage gets decent defense attorney
  No coinage gets public defender (better chance of higher sentance)

Verdict-

Guilty of charge given.
Guilty of lesser charge.
Not guilty by reason of insanity (goto insane asylum)
Not guilty (get prize given above)
Hung Jury - retry go back to choosing judge.

All of the above just to get into area!!!!

Sentancing-
Death Penalty - Sent to death row (very hard area +50 levels and above)
25 to life - Goto Supermax prison - (hard area)
10 to 25 years, no parole - Max Security prison (hard area)
5 to 10 years, Medium Security prison (intermediate area) still level 19 and up
Minimum Security prison - only available for white collar crimes from list of crimes above


Now you get transported to jail...each jail (probably 3 of each type, ie. supermax, maximum, medium, minimum) is a row
of cell blocks...normally 5 cells per block, 4 blocks per jail.  put into locked room with no way out, have it
remove armor, and unwield weapon, every few min..guard comes by and you have 'jump guard' rather than kill guard
...then the prison break is on.  Depending on level of security depends on level of guard.
every few seconds it tries to summon a guard to take you under control (ie have you 'surrender' that command stops fight
(not overly advertised) (guard may yell surrender or something to that effect.) and escorts you back to your cell.
(it also makes the guards one level tougher next time you 'jump' them)

then in the other cells of the cell block can be famous criminals, (Ted Bundy, Charles Manson, Al Capone, Jeffery Dahlmer,and all
characters of OZ and Emerald City.)
with one boss mob per jail (again it is random).

then you can find the guard shack and 'transfer' to any other prison in the system (all rooms except guardroom are pk (prison is kill
or be killed)

Possible items include:  Shanks, Bars of Soap (do damage maybe something similiar to jaraxles canopic jars), Shives, Knives, Guns, Clubs, 
Jailhouse heals include, dope, crank, meth, and all the assorment of drugs.  Currency is cigarettes you collect and can cash in on the way out
similiar to pesty's money.

Possible mini-quest is to escape from all 3 supermax without dying and killing the boss mob.  If you die, it resets and you have to start over.
Possible reward: Prison tattoo denoting your affiliation, Crips, Bloods, White supremiscts, Chinos, etc.)

That is my idea in a nutshell.  Now for me to figure out how to code it.
 
