Removing/Censoring Code Guidelines

This goes beyond the #'s and entails 'censoring' code, removing
code snippets, and generally adjusting something in the game,
no matter HOW small or miniscule it may seem.  Before one
removes or adjusts something, he/she should check this system
of guidelines and ask his/her oneself if she finds it satisfactory,
before adjusting or removing the item.  This is an important
issue because we have all seen the negative effects of being
overzealous and quick on the draw.

1] How does this change affect current players?
2] Will this change benefit the MUD in the longterm?
3] How much of the inevitable complaining will be kicked
   up for other, unrelated wizards to deal with?

Current players -
 This is the most important issue.  We have such an unsteady
player pool, one more wrong move could cripple the game.  It is
best to carefully think over how the change will benefit the mud.
Before viewing it as a "bug fix" or a question of "legality",
think about how players will be inevitably impacted by the results
of your change.  It may seem like simply commenting out code
or changing a message, but it leaves an indelible impact on a player
when he can no longer get his favorite item or cast a favorite spell.
Rather than removing code, why not try to fix the code instead?  It
must have been legal at some point, or it would not be in the game.
And if it was never approved, take a conscious look at the code
before your gut gets the best of you.  What is so wrong with what
it does?  If it is illegal, do your best to MAKE IT LEGAL.
	This is a much better solution.  
Problems of legality MUST be addressed, but these must weigh in 
accordance with how they will affect our player base and the genuine 
enjoyment of the MUD, for us to continue any success that we have.


Longterm benefits -
 Another issue to consider is the longterm benefits as the result
of the change.  Perhaps the change may seem miniscule for existing
players, perhaps they might not even know of the item/power's
existence.  But how will this change impact players in the future?

Other wizards -
 Complaints are part of the rigamarole associated with being
a wizard who must fix things. But should the anger be misdirected?
If you are willing to comment out code, you should take full
responsibility for your actions, and be willing to assist the
players in learning the reasons why something was changed.  
