This is an overview of the "Destinations" directory.

The "Destinations" is a collection of different realms designed as part of a greater whole. The different areas are complete, in-and-of themselves, but are intended to be integrated into a larger universe. This larger universe is unified in several different means:
    1). Time Period - every area within the destinations directory [with a couple of exceptions] is based on a time frame in the near future [circa 2100 A.D.]
    2). Synchrocity - nature/science/technology are roughly equivalent across the board, with slight differences as would occur from place to place
    3). Theme & Etc - across the board, the areas are based on the following concepts:
        A). The presence and interaction of several alien races/species in addition to humans
        B). Mental powers/abilities [psi] exist in all species [human or otherwise] to varying degrees and are commonly used, if not openly accepted
        C). Faster Than Light [FTL] travel has been realized and FTL-shuttles are commonly employed to get from area to area

There is a document for each area in the root directory of the area. It will list any area specific themes and errata, detailing unique options for that area.

The following is a brief reference for the areas:
    Acadie - a Canadian polity world
    Aquitaine - a French polity world
    Asgard - a Scandia polity world
    Assawompset - a American polity world [New Boston]
    Astrakhan - a Russian polity world
    Bafut - a Cameroon polity world
    Blois - a French polity world
    Breven - a Swedish polity world
    Caledonia - A Scottish polity world
    Cumberland - an American polity world
    Dalriada - a Celtic polity world
    Denali - a Hemilayan polity world
    Duat - home world of the Firvulag & XYZ
    Earth - good ol' terra firma
    Engong - an African polity world
    Exile - Earth circa X. billion B.C.
    Finnmark - a Scandia polity world
    Foix - a French polity world
    Franconia - a French polity world
    Hibernia - an Irish polity world
    Lene - a Danish polity world
    Londinium - a British polity world
    Lusatia - a Sorb/Polish polity world
    Manapouri - a New Zealand polity world
    Multnomah - an American polity world [New Portland]
    Neustria - a French polity world [New Paris]
    Novo Janeiro - a Brazilian polity world
    Okanagon - a Korean polity world
    Orcadia - a Scottish polity world
    Orissa - an Idian polity world
    Riviera - a French polity world
    Shqipni - a Albanian polity world
    Tallahat - Native American polity world
    Taumotu - a Polynesian polity world
    Trondelag - a Norse polity world
    Vulhynia - a Polish polity world

Other miscellaneous directories include:
    armor - various armors found across the "Destinations" universe
    log - various log files relating to the "Destinations" universe
    npc - various ubiquitous mobs found across the "Destinations" universe
    obj - various items found across the "Destinations" universe
    weapon - various weapons found across the "Destinations" universe

