Clan of the Snake Barbarian forest
----------------------------------
I am envisioning a secluded forest filled with strange creatures, but ruled by the Clan of the Snake,
Getting their name from the tattoo on each of the warriors of the tribe.Having lived in their forest 
for several years, this nomadic barbarian tribe has been quite content with their primitivelife.  But
now a group of Gnolls has invaded part of the forest and is threatening the Clan's way of life.  These barbarians have no other choice then to destroy the gnolls and retake their forest.


Forest
------

Rooms
-----
barbentrance.c  A small open area before the forest containing a barbarian ranger
barbforest1.c   forest description
barbforest2.c   same 
barbforest3.c   same
barbforest4.c   same
barbforest5.c   same
barbforest6.c   same
barbforest7.c   same

Monsters
--------

wolf.c	 A standard wolf nothing really special about it.
	  Upon death it drops wolf claws

snake.c	 A standard snake
 	  Upon death it drops snake fangs

stirge.c A large bird-like creature with an extremely long and thin beak used to stab 
	  it's prey
	  Upon death it drops its beak 

Barbarian Village
-----------------

An encampment of barbarians that has been around for many years, providing the Clan of
the Snake with everything they have ever needed, until now.  It is just a normal village
with many dwellings for the clan.  guarded on two sides by mountains, the tribe is ready
for any attack.  In the eastern regions is the chieftain's tent.

Rooms
-----
barbVilEnt.c  entrance to the barbarian tribe area containing warriors guarding entrance
barbvil1.c    barbarian encampment with dwellings, showing the difficult life of the barbarians
barbvil2.c    more of the encampment
barbvil3.c    same
barbvil4.c    same
chieftent.c   tent of the chieftain of the barbarians


Monsters
--------
barb1.c       The chieftain himself
		has Rbrkr.c  a war axe

barb2.c	      The guard at the entrance to the village
		has bones.c a game somewhat like craps
		and warham.c  a standard warhammer

barb3.c       A barbarian that wonders around the village
		has wskinhide.c  a cloak made of wolf's skin

Gnoll Village
-------------
  The gnoll's village is a much more crude encampment than the barbarians'.  Debris is 
scattered throughout the paths of the villages.  The northern and western borders of 
the camp are surrounded by dense foliage making travel in those directions impossible.
in the southwest corner of the encampment sits the shamans dwelling.

Rooms
-----

gnollentrance.c entrance to gnoll tribe area with gnoll guards
gnollvil1.c	gnoll encampment, with crude dwellings and a disgusting environment
gnollvil2.c     more of the gnoll village
gnollvil3.c     same
gnollvil4.c	shaman tent full of strange items, shop to sell items from forest

Monsters
--------

gnoll1.c	one of the gnolls that wander through the encampment
		  has leathershield.c  a simple shield

gnoll2.c	another gnoll wandering the encampment
		  has torncloak.c  an old battered cloak
  		  and gnollsword.c  an old rusted sword

gnollshaman.c	The shaman and leader of the gnolls buys the objects from the creatures of the 
		  forest
		  has shamanclub.c  a weak magical club
   
  