ROOMS


   In general, your descriptions are very short.  Try to keep
   around 3-6 lines in length, but 3 is very minimal.
   Also your line lengths need to be kept at less than 70.
   When I recheck the line lengths, the rooms must be all
   at 70 chars wide or below, or the area won't get approved.
  ok, done

letters1.c -

   the read(str) function does a notify_fail()
   but returns 1, thus eliminating the use of a notify_fail().
   Both cases should return 0.  The last case of
   notify_fail(), it says "Enter what?".  That doesn't
   make sense.  You're reading something.
  ok, done

   in the items array, it says "shirt steps".  It should
   read "short steps", I assume.
  ok, done

   "Above the door it is written 'LETTERS DEPARTMENT'"
   sounds shaky.  Try describing the door, and then
   say what's above it.
  ok, done

   If the dispenser is sold out, why is it here?
    Because it is frequent to have such dispenser in a Univerity.
    It is sold out because the professors use it very much,
    yet the ushers still didnt refill it.  :)

letters2.c - 

   The shelves are closed with glass window?
   Do you mean _a_ glass window?
  ok, done

   Also, "carry bazillions books" probably should
   be "carry bazillions of books".
  ok, done

   In the long description, "it is well lighted" ?
   Do you mean "well lit"? 
  ok, done

letters6.c -

   The long description must be rewritten.
   Don't ever tell the players what they see
   is the "best they've ever seen".  Especially
   for furniture.  A cave-dwelling Shardak might not
   think the furniture is quite so great :)
  ok, done

   Need items for books, notebook, penholder, and walls.
  ok, done

letters7.c -

   The library item says the library is empty of people.
   If we're in the library, doesn't it have people in it?
   Also, if there's another player, then there are definitely
   people in it :)
  ok, done

   In the long desc, "The shelves shin up the walls".  This
   sounds odd.  Usually shinning up something means something
   LIVING climbing the walls. 
    In a figurative way the shelves 'live' on the walls  :)
    I wish to keep the word shin.

   Need a comma after In the middle of the room ..
  ok, done
   
   You need to change the if(!str) and responses to arguments
   that aren't the correct syntax to notiu need a 'table' item.    
  ok, done (all notify_fail have been checked)

   The 'tables' item only talks
   about one table.. *boggle*   
  ok, done

   Add items 'steps' and 'wheels' for the ladder.
  ok, done


All the other rooms are okay.

