



Emotes-bleed, bow, chortle, chuckle, giggle, malice, nod, pin, 
Powers-blaze&*, breathe`, burn*, call merchant", channel&, confuse, conjure flame*, course, darkness dragonskin, drain&, encircle*&, escape, fly`, ignite*, inferno*&, light*, locate, mount`, scan, shatter, slayer^&, soar`, spy`, storm, summon+&, terror.
Standard-darken, environ, execute, finger, freeze, gw, gt, gte, gpe, gpt, gpromote, help, guildbug, guilderr, guildfix, gstat, gsave, gts, ge, heirarchy, i, inactive, inventory, invite, listpk, newbie, obituary, others, presence, quit, remove, rehash, rservant, restore, run, sc, score, servants, setrank, tag, unfreeze, untag, unguild, wear.
Sacrifice-blood, gold, soul, 

Trials-   fire trial=*
            Dragon trial=`
           Avenger trial=^
         Merchant trial="
        Corpse trial=+

Requires something=&


Command List:

Emotes:

 1.  Bleed
 2.  Bow 
 3.  Chortle 
 4.  Chuckle 
 5.  Giggle 
 6.  Malice 
 7.  Nod 
 8.  Pin 
 9.  Smile 
10. Smirk 
11. Sneer
12. Taunt 
13. Trigger 






















Powers: 

 1.  Blaze -  Cost 100 Spell points.   Requires a flame to be summoned already.
 Casting blaze enshrouds the room in flames slowly burning everything in the room.

 2.  Breathe - Cost 40 flame points - {dragon ability} 
Casting breathe forces your dragon to blow a breathe of fire at an opponent.

 3.  Burn - Cost variable Spell points.  
Burn is the main spell of an assassin of Shardak. Casting burn sends an intense flame to
scorch your opponent.

 4.  Call Merchant - Cost 10 Spell points.  
Summon the guild shop keeper to you for you to sell and buy things to or from his shop.

 5.  Channel - Cost 150 Spell points.  Requires a black obsidian.
Casting channel siphons the energy from your opponents into you slowly draining them of 
their life force.

 6.  Confuse - Cost 13 Spell points per head calmed.
Summon a globe of light that confuses creature into stopping their attack. Casting without a 
target ensures safety in the heat of battle.

 7.  Conjure Flame - Cost  variable Spell points.
Summoning a flame is the first step to many of the pyromantic spells within the guild.

 8.  Course - Cost variable Spell points.  Cannot be used on players.
Casting course on an opponent releases the sheer fear when he runs away from battle. A 
Panicking opponent will suffer greatly under the weight of the most of arcane magic.
 
 9. Darkness - Cost 70 Spell points. Only useable in guild hall.
Covers a room in darkness making it hard to leave the room.

10. Dragon Skin - Cost variable Hit points/ Spell points.
Casting dragon skin turns your soft hide into a thicker armor much like that of a dragon.

11. Drain - Cost none.  Requires a corpse.  May also drain for bones.
Drain a corpse of all its remaining energy.

12. Encircle - Cost 120 Spell points.  Requires a flame to already be conjured.
Cast a pryomantic spell to create a circle of fire around a particular target. Anyone touching this 
ring of fire will suffer some repercussions.

13. Escape - Cost 10 Spell points.
Escape back to the grotto from where youre located.



14. Fly - Cost none in general directions, 25 Spell points to guild.
Your dragon can fly up to 5 rooms without pausing.  You will automatically mount the dragon if
needed. Note only a fixed set of exits are available.


15. Ignite - Cost  15 Spell points.  Requires something to ignite flames around.
Casting ignite surrounds something in flames.

16. Inferno - Cost variable Spell points.  Requires a flame to have already been conjured.
Casting inferno summons a flame into an area much like blaze but this only hurts those who
attempt to flee the area in which it has been cast into.

17. Light - Cost 20 spell points.  
Summon a ball of light into your hand to light up a room.

18. Locate - Cost  none 
Locate someone else on the mud.

19. Mount - Cost none {dragon ability}
Mount your dragon to fly from room to room.
 
20. Scan - Cost variable Spell points.
Scan an opponent to see their strengths compared to yours.

21. Shatter - Cost  50 Spell points. Only useable in guild hall.
Breaks the darkness spell.

22. Slayer 


23. Soar 


24.  Spy 


25. Storm  


26. Summon


27. Terror
