Approval notes for
Jara's dockside area
by Feldegast

Room by room analysis:

wrhs1.c -
  In the item description for "table", you have an extra period at the
end.

worker.c -
  I apologize for this, it's partly my fault.  You should have a check
for attacker_ob in the random movement function, unless you want him
to run away at random points.  I'm not adding this automatically, 
because it might be your intention anyway.  It should look like this:

random_move() {
  if(!attacker_ob)
    ::random_move();
  call_out("random_move",6+random(10));
}

I also think you should change the time between movement to 
6+random(10) from 3.  It's annoying how fast he's moving now.

walk0.c
  It occurs to me that you can't indicated whether the beach is to the
north or to the south.  You might want to indicate this some way, so
that the player doesn't have their orientation confused later on.

walk2.c
  In the description for "cabin" it should be "beneath THE frame".

wharf1.c
  You might want to add some variety to the menu.

walk3.c
  The direction to go north here is 'path', but the way to come back
is 'south'.  That might be a little confusing.  Also, the cat will be
able to go south, but he won't be able to come back north.  Or is that
your intention?

amelia.c
  She only has 700 coins worth of loot.  According to the chart, she
can have up to 850.  It's up to you tho.

fisher.c
  In the conversation topic "queen", it should be "is A beautiful"
unless it is simply his dialect.  "daugther" should be daughter".

  pole.c - This needs to have SOME weight.

sailor.c
  This guy's loot is also a little low.

Summary:
  This is a very well done area with excellent attention to detail.
I had to really look for typos and I didn't find many.  The only
problem with it is that it is a little boring.  It would make a
great transition area, and for setting up the plot for a larger area
with more interesting goings-on, but it probably won't be able to
stand on its own.  It is up to you, but I suggest you wait until you
finish some more sections of this area before you put this one in the
game.