
Greetings,

These are just a few things I thought of that could be 
helpful for both players and wizards. I'll try to be concise
so if something needs more explaining just holler.

  1. Hidden Alignment Stat.
The idea would be that players set an alignment for a character 
at creation (we'd have to either leave off or add on to existing chars)
This hidden stat would be only viewable by wizards and possibly hinted 
at by game spells. This would allow more options for roleplaying and 
make things like the visible alignment make more sense. Could change 
the xp bonus for killing opposite alignment to also query that you are 
matching your true moral compass. One immediate benefit of this would
be to get players to develop a character in one alignment instead of 
guild bouncing.

   2. Armors.
I think we need to add a few other standard armor types. Such as dividing 
those worn on hand into ring and gauntlet. Perhaps a category on leggings 
broken down from main armor. This would have several benefits. Wizards get
a wider variety of items that can be coded to create interesting fullsuits
of armor. And we can increase the exploration of players since we give them 
additional armor types to seek out. Also by making ring a seperate category 
possibly subdivided into right and left hands, we make way for enchanted rings
with various effects even non-combat based which again gets the players moving.

   3. Guild examples
This is more for the younger low lvls wizards. It would be nice if there were
a few more and better explained examples of how to start guilds. I personally 
have a couple miniguild ideas that I would like to try to develop but I don't
understand the daemonization and such that would be useful in there creation.
I personally like having the miniguilds around because it helps to break up the 
cookie cutter characters in the same guild (if the miniguild is roleplayed some).

I'll break this into a second note so it doesn't get completely unwieldy.


continued from previous note...

   4. Economy/Jobs

This idea is borrowed somewhat from what I've read about games like EQ or 
traditional tabletop games. It would be neat if there were some additional
ways to make money or redeemable points of some kind on the game. It gets 
the players involved on an even deeper level then just logging on killing, 
chatting, recharging, killing, quiting. This idea would take a lot of work 
from the wizards before launching and would require a fair amount of monitoring
Simpliest way I see of doing this is having some mini-quest setup where players
initiate something with one NPC that asks them to do something: guard a caravan,
kill some monsters around his village, rescue a maiden, whatever and then 
are rewarded in some monetary or item way. If its set up to remember the 
character it would be interesting interaction "Well Joe, back to help me 
chase those weevils from my garden, thank ye kindly"

   5. New Realms
I didn't exactly like the layout of the Continent in its short time here but 
I do think we need to add some additional areas to the map that aren't just 
personal castles. The continent was neat but the lack of room descs just 
didn't seem to mesh with the usual layout of the common rooms.
Some propossals would be to add an additional road or two off the village track
,possibly putting one of them north of the church which is now vacant. Or 
perhaps even creating another village or two. Possibly with a specific theme 
like scifi or darkness(vampires would like a village thats not lit). 
These areas could be built by several wizards working together and placed
in /room so they are effectively made common ground. Another benefit of this
plan is it gives us some more areas for new castles. At present most of the 
available real estate is in the southern forest, things will get crowded if 
that remains the only place for new wizards. 

   6. Clans
This is an idea that Vertebraker brought up that I wholeheartedly want to
see implemented. I think the benefit to the player base would be excellent. 
As I said though he is the one to talk to on this for its his project and 
he probablly has the coding knowledge to see it created.

  7. Prestige system for PK
I like the change in pk for the most part. Not fearing the loss of xp brought
a lot more people into trying player combat. The primary downside is it burns
money off of the participants and we still have the usual bullys in the evil 
guilds trying to whack newbies which is in character (sortof) but bad for the 
growth of the player base. Also we see lots of bragging over total number of 
kills like having 100 newbies (lvl 10 bards/polys or such) is impressive 
compared to 20 (lvl 19 knights armed to teeth). 
A prestige gauge tagged onto some object perhaps would help develop the
attempts to attain quality over quantity. Having it gauge based on lvl, guild, 
number of kills, and displayed on the character with and add_desc. Maybe like

  Bob is the Coroners Retirement Fund    or
  Bob is Deadmeat on a Stick

Give bonuses to the score for killing high lvls. Negatives for getting 
whacked by lower lvls. Less points for killing the non-pk guilds.

The big payoff for the implemention of this would also be a bounty system 
that I would like to see used. Players could turn in evidence at the bounty 
office and recieve coins based on the prestige lvl of the kill. Also players
with personal grudges could shell money into the office and others could come 
read the wanted posters for targets. Just an idea, may need researched a bit, 
not wanting players to start too much infighting in guilds by hiring assassins.
But it would reward the players that are serious pkers with coins back for 
there efforts. And perhaps cut down on some of the coin begging I keep seeing.

Thats about all I see on this post it note. Any questions just ask, and if 
there are any of those midlvl positions on chart that I could assist with *wink*.
Thanks for your time.

__Wren the Spellfilcher

