You never read any of the Dmage books have you? There are some key      
issues with the spells ya have listed that violate the theme of the     
guild. There are sorta 3 main things that make the dmages what they     
are...                                                                  
                                                                        
1. NO HEALING SPELLS -- atleast in the common sense, dmages can not used
                       normal healing magics for any reason, in the     
books                                                                   
                       the hunter would have died if he used healing    
magic                                                                   
                       ON the other hand he healed in his own way, by   
                       Feeding on the fear of his victims, Also by      
feeding                                                                 
                       off his victims he fed the demon he made his     
pact                                                                    
                       with.                                            
                                                                        
2. Sacrifice         -- ALL power is gained through sacrifice.          
                                                                        
3. the FAE           -- the fae is magic yet its nature is that of the  
                                                                        
                       twisted kind, it knows whats in your mind, it    
                       sense your fears, it will manifest your          
nightmares,                                                             
                       the fae is difficult to control and should pose  
a                                                                       
                       problem to new dmages, there are different kinds 
of                                                                      
                       FAE, earth, solar, and tidal are what I          
remember. No                                                            
                       one really seems to control tidal fae, mainly    
they                                                                    
                       use earth fae, earth fae is stronger at night or 
in                                                                      
                       darkness, during earthquakes the earth fae is so 
                       overwhelming that it would kill any player that  
uses                                                                    
                       it. This could be an added drawback.             
                                                                        
-- the hunter uses cold spells yes, but in a limited fashion, mainly    
destructive. He didn't mess with the weather but that could be an added 
thing, maybe an option, amoril his follower was more feral, he ran with 
a pack of white wolves to terrorize his prey, all dmages were different 
in the books but there were only really 2, my suggestions on abilities  
                                                                        
-- higher mag than normal                                               
-- no loss of stat points to death, just the loss of EXP                
  cause death WILL happen a lot                                         
-- healing through feeding off of the victims fear                      
-- COLDFIRE spells, whip and flare, whip could be the single version,   
  flare could be the multicast, I would say flare would be 3 whips      
  going off all in 1 heartbeat, Dmages are all about killing shit.      
  The main ways rto fight were to darkness so yer not taking dmg or if  
its                                                                     
  Dark enough yer actually healing some, then toss out terror to lower  
the                                                                     
  Mobs AC to pretty much nothing, empowered weps were wc 16 so if the   
mob                                                                     
  Had ac they didn't do much dmg, empowered weps had a ton of specials  
that                                                                    
  Did different things, then if yer gonna fight slow, throw out a       
couple                                                                  
  Wounds in the same hb, wait a couple hb throw out a couple flares,    
when                                                                    
  It hit 0/10 feed, also i almost always had cold shield on, it was our 
  Only guild spell that was pk, it did a small amount of dmg when yer   
hit,                                                                    
  Pretty much all dmage shit was heal self, so it ignored armor, Ive    
come                                                                    
  To the conclusion that hitplayers suck balls, hitplayers go vs AC, so 
if                                                                      
  You have a hitplayer at 10 and the player or mob has a 20+ ac, it     
aint                                                                    
  Gonna do shit. So when dealing with very small dmg numbers like 5 and 
  Such, heal selfs work best, that and heal selfs go around the damage  
cap,                                                                    
  That is if the cap still exists. Multiple attacks is another way      
around                                                                  
  The cap. If the cap is still there it should prolly go cause it makes 
  Dual wielding guilds way tough. So my suggestions are make the        
empowered                                                               
  Weapon cool as fuck, give them nice bonuses the darker the room is,   
give                                                                    
  Them lots of ways to kill themselves, oh and the hunter could         
shapechage                                                              
  He did it most for travel purposes. That and to spy on peeps. He used 
a                                                                       
  Bird form. Raven i think. He also tried to play god. He made horses   
and                                                                     
  Shit. The planet didn't have horses originally. Heh                   
                                                                        