More: /players/mizan/logs/conv_with_data.txt (NOTE this was cleaned up by Puppy and included 99% of the conversation.  The Two missing fragments 
19
The note is titled 're:Chett(shadowstone)':

I would like to say that if I was the recruiter for this person, I would be
disapointed in myself. But this is also a strange case. This involves two cyberninjas really, one recruited, while the other is the one who set_task. The whole reason as to why we have a set_task and view_task is so that other
cyberninjas don't recruit someone who was given a task. So in my view, both cybers are responsible for him, for giving the task, and for recruiting. If
someone gives a person a task, then only that person can recruit. Last I
heard, someone who went to another recruiter ended up getting suspended for it. The cyber soon left the guild. I should say this should only last so long though, if there is a task set then a guild wizard should remove it only if the recruiter is no longer available. If the person who asked to be recruited, and was given tasks but didnt logon again then they better hope their recruiter will be active or else they will have to wait till the task is cleared out and given a new task. It upsets me that someone
Then report it so that we will have more of a chance of recruiting the right people we want. Further more I suggest keeping an eye on the person, see if he "parties" too much, or begs alot, or if the person idles alot, or if they
are constantly killing. This sort of info will help us. No matter how much a recruiter interviews, something might be missed. I suggest we also get to know our recruits before we recruit them, know their style. Our recruiting
process is just too small. We need to be more digilent in our duities.

You say: hi

Shadowstone sheaths his Kusari-Gama behind his back and bows low to you never letting his eyes leave yours.

You say: two things, one is obvious, the other not quite so
You say: first the not-so obvious thing. I am confused by the msg you sent
to verte

Shadowstone says: a cc to let him know the sitation

Shadowstone says: I dont know how to cc to more than one person

You say: oh, ok i see it now. i thought that i was the one cced

Shadowstone says: that was the first message

Shadowstone says: and i dont know how to forward mails either

You say: ok, for the first msgs

->> Hand mizan /obj/mail_reader
Cloned [/obj/mail_reader] to 'Mizan' [obj/player#5790].

148 puppy        Subj: Cybers Date: Jul 20 22:11
149 data         Subj: hints etc Date: Jul 21 07:27
150 data         Subj: wtf Date: Jul 21 07:50
151 mizan        Re:   hints etc Date: Jul 21 10:54
Message 149:
From: data
Subj: hints etc

Cc: (To: puppy) mizan
Date: Jul 21 07:27

if I gave out hints then give me proof that I did, and no you have not come
to me about this before. I think you are wrong in your assesement, and I think your wrong about this so called "dealing with it" personally I dont think your are dealing with it. If these people say something about me, then chances are its just rumor till otherwise proof is shown. I do NOT give out tips, hints...it is now getting to where I am going to have to log everything I do, just to defend myself.  The ONLY thing ive mentioned that I can remotely think of on a channel, is my talk about not defending 

I am very disapointed in you puppy, I am going to have a talk with some of
the fellow cybers and let them see what they think about it. You could of handled this in other ways, such as talking about it face to face to me? you didnt even give me that. By deleting my gfile you have removed a part of my history as a player, you have tanished what ive worked for, by acting in a inapropriate manner. I would of thought you better than this puppy, your worse than a man who cant find the guts to break up with his girlfriend face to face.

I dont even know if restoring me will mean the same, because it was all
added cheaply, sort of like being instawized...you didnt earn it. Unless you thought before you did it and backed it up. I expect that you will restore me, and will WAIT till you speak to me face to face with evidence of what I did presented in my directory for me to view. Afterwards, ill talk turkey with you.

The Virus

You say: ok, msg 149, hints etc

You say: so that was directed mostly at puppy

Shadowstone nods solemnly.

Shadowstone says: I want proof

You say: ok. well i replied to this one but to data

Shadowstone asks: he says he is tired of dealing with it, if he was so tired
of it why didnt i hear about it?
                                                            
You say: i'm not entirely sure why you are surprised...

Shadowstone asks: so many problems and yet...first I hear of it is after my
gfile is yanked?

Shadowstone says: actually I feel like its bs

Shadowstone asks: what hints?

You say: i covered it a bit in my reply, but your name comes up in conversation of professional nature
You say: when it comes to revealing information about character alts and
such to other players
Shadowstone shakes his head.
Shadowstone says: I dont reveal alts

You say: the note at login for wizzes i was told was there in part because
of stuff you did

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

WIZARD BEHAVIORS:

I have been altered that wizards are giving out information on alts, who's
on invis, etc etc. YOU ARE NOT TO DO THIS. Wizard power is for WIZARDS and
not to be shared with players. It's a dewizing offense if it continues.

{:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:}
Shadowstone says: what note atlogin? all I see is delete your crap

You say: but i am not familiar with the cases involved

You say: I have been altered that wizards are giving out information on
alts, who's

You say: on invis, etc etc. YOU ARE NOT TO DO THIS. Wizard power is for
WIZARDS and 
You say: not to be shared with players. It's a dewizing offense if it
continues.

Shadowstone says: ah that one
Shadowstone says: and thats why I obey it
Shadowstone says: people ask me all the time who some one is just as much
Shadowstone says: I dont know, I seriously dont pay attention to alts unless the person means something to me

You say: nobody asks me who someone else is

Shadowstone says: charm used to ask me all the time
Shadowstone says: like for instance I know some of martha's alts

Shadowstone says: cause she is a friend
You say: i am going to be frank with you because i expect others to do the
same you have      
             
Shadowstone nods solemnly.

You say: you're riding a sharp edge at the moment

Shadowstone says: an edge which I have not seen an ounce of proof
Shadowstone says: its all "classified" of animosity except from perhaps some players

You say: and bear in mind i have no grudge towards you- and i dont really
detect any large amounts of animosity except from perhaps some players 

Shadowstone nods solemnly.

You say: i dont buy that classified bit

Shadowstone says: and I do admit when I mailed you I was still pissed at
puppy

You say: you're riding an edge in my opinion because you're not being
productive as a wizard

Shadowstone says: I asked vert back when I first went inactive who was
complaining about me, he wouldnt tell me

Shadowstone says: i asked what was said, he wouldnt say

You say: actually i am surprised he didnt tell you but at the same time i am
Not  ***missing fragment**

Shadowstone says: dont need to be on as a wiz to work
Shadowstone says: only to debug
Shadowstone says: so far I almost have 1 room completely finished, for some
reason I cant put in search messages 
Shadowstone says: my castle entrance is prooving to be a pain
Shadowstone chuckles politely.

You ask: 1 room?

Shadowstone says: completely finished except for the search
Shadowstone says: the other 19 need looks, smells, etc
Shadowstone says: they are all linked with room descriptions

You ask: this is in the OUTERB folder?
Shadowstone says: with the right mobs in rooms
Shadowstone nods solemnly.
Shadowstone says: OUTERB/ROOMS/room1.c

You say: what's all this stuff in ~/closed/wizard

Shadowstone says: warrior guild stuff
Shadowstone says: or actually warrior guild itself

You think carefully.
You say: ok. well, i dont want you to take any of this the wrong way
You say: i am just not someone who likes to be seen as two faced
Shadowstone says: I was keeping warriors close to the wizards guild when I
started it
Shadowstone nods solemnly.

You say: you are not seen as being a productive wiz

Shadowstone says: so it was easy navigation

You say: other L21s have seen marked improvement in coding and general
learning

Shadowstone asks: well how do they learn?
Shadowstone says: I copy paste, copy paste

You say: i have not seen you improve, and i am not saying you are stupid.
That is NOT the gist, etc
You say: among other wizzes (and i mean seniors, not L21 stuff) you are
viewed as too concerned about mud marriages and stuff

Shadowstone chuckles politely.

You say: and frankly, you scared the crap out of martha

Shadowstone asks: when?
Shadowstone asks: how could I scare her???

You say: i dont know the details
You say: i just know that she got freaked out cos you apparently got too
serious about mudmarriage

Shadowstone boggles at the concept.
Shadowstone says: im not that serious about it

You say: lets just say that i saw that room code

Shadowstone says: to an extent yes
Shadowstone laughs.
Shadowstone says: bedroom.c

You say: and if i was female it would have scared the fuck out of me

Shadowstone asks: right?

You say: i think so, it was in open at some point

Shadowstone nods solemnly.
Shadowstone says: I was trying to make a familyish enviroment
Shadowstone chuckles politely.
You say: making families but not made for family

Shadowstone says: sort of a memories room to relax in

You say: look
You say: i am not exactly a roleplay person. But i am surrounded by them irl
You say: so i know my fill, etc
You say: You honestly worry me.

Shadowstone nods solemnly.
Shadowstone says: martha is my friend....

You say: you take it far too seriously compared to them, yes, they are
actors, production people of various talents
You say: but you are borderline into possessive wacko

Shadowstone shakes his head.

You say: and realize that this is not me trying to be an ass

Shadowstone says: if I was possessive I would be threatening her to Logon atrocity
Shadowstone says: and telling her she isnt allowed in khrell's room or vice
versa
Shadowstone says: im not protective, what she does is up to her
Shadowstone says: the whole room idea was to also make her smile

You say: it scared her into inactivity

Shadowstone says: a place I could trans her when we wanted to spend time
together incase I had anything in my room

Shadowstone shakes his head.
Shadowstone says: she said she would bring back atrocity when a new interesting guild comes

You say: i think you need to face up with the fact that something isnt
working right

Shadowstone says: well if she would just come strait up and tell me

You say: like i am faced up with the fact that if i was L200+, i would turn
into an electronic hitler
You say: she isnt, but she has tried a number of subtle approaches

Shadowstone laughs.
Shadowstone says: thats the problem
Shadowstone says: I dont do descrete...
Shadowstone says: I dont get "hints"

You say: ok then

Shadowstone says: its either full or none

You say: 1) i think you are in the psycho realm when it comes to
mudmarriages

Shadowstone says: hey data I dont like you when your doing this this and this, please stop

You say: 2) lighten up on that stuff.
You say: 3) please be more serious a bout coding if you want to be a wiz.
You say: that 3 month deadline is for real

Shadowstone says: if she has tried approaches then I didn't recognize them
Shadowstone says:  I know that

You say: 4) stop doing stupid shit like baiting players

Shadowstone asks: baiting?

You say: khrell can be a bigmouth but you need to stop pelting him with
catapult or random rants on star

You say: which last weekend i was witness to

Shadowstone says: he has done the same to me

Shadowstone says: i was more or less joking about it 

You say: i have already spoken to him
You say: 5) your definition of joke is screwy

Shadowstone shakes his head.

You say: i have told him that he either avoids/tolerates you or both of you
get shitcanned by boltar or verte

Shadowstone shakes his head.

You say: B hates wizzes infighting more than anything else

Shadowstone says: you havent told me

Shadowstone says: oh nm
                                                        
Shadowstone says: misread

You say: i just told you
You say: avoid him, pretend he doesnt exist, dont start snide shit on
channels
You say: i told him about 2 days ago to avoid contact with you

Shadowstone says: yes which is part of the reason I muffle wiz
Shadowstone says: earwax was also one
Shadowstone says: he made snide marks on wiz

You say: 6) people are wearing thin with your antics
Shadowstone asks: what antics?

You say: see 1-5

Shadowstone chuckles politely.

You say: i dont have to do this

Shadowstone shakes his head.

You say: i dont hae to be here telling you this stuff
You say: but i like to think that i give a shit about people

Shadowstone nods solemnly.

You say: even when they have successfully annoyed the sheer bulk of others
around them

Shadowstone says: no

You say: i think she realizes that now
You say: but i see here
You say: you dont take no for an answer

Shadowstone laughs.
Shadowstone says: I would take no

You say: you are just being defensive about everything i am saying

Shadowstone says: I might try to talk out of it if its bad

You say: data, this is your last chance to shape up

Shadowstone says: but ill accept it
Shadowstone shakes his head.
Shadowstone says: im trying to understand
Shadowstone says: and also letting you know how I am thinking
Shadowstone says: I dont see myself doing anything wrong
Shadowstone says: yet people say I am

You say: thats the problem
You say: you are not analyzing your own actions

Shadowstone says: they say things I dont remember

You say: you're being in a bubble I

Shadowstone says: so I ask for proof und you

You say: i.e. muffling wiz, you dont even know what is happening around you
You say: or want to know
You sigh deeply.

Shadowstone says: I want to know
You say: i never gave up on zidane.
You say: i never gave up on demonic or crip
You say: but i am starting to give up on you.
You say: but i tried.
You shrug.

Shadowstone says: the whole world can give up on me for all i care, I
Still wont give up on myself
Shadowstone says: I dont give up on others either 

You say: then you must accept the consequences.
You shrug.

Shadowstone says: I need hard proof
Shadowstone says: and for people to stop doing things to me behind my back

You say: a lot of the hard proof is right before you. Your own actions

Shadowstone shakes his head.

You say: which you're in denial about.

Shadowstone says: im told I said something on net

You say: uh, i saw it

Shadowstone says: so send me the chat file

You say: if i wasnt at work, i would grab the screencap

Shadowstone says: show me what I said
Shadowstone says: then tell me why it was wrong
Shadowstone nods solemnly.

You say: you also sent tells to other cybers
You say: WHY IT WAS WRONG, you ATTACHED MY FUCKING NAME TO YOUR LIE
You say: ok now i am officially pissed off
Shadowstone boggles at the concept.

You say: like off the fucking wall, rm some player.o file pissed off
You say: i mean some serious dickbreaking kinda shit pissed off.

Shadowstone says: see I dont remember that                                                                  

You say: ignorance is not implied innocence

Shadowstone shakes his head.
Shadowstone says: not ignorance

You say: feh, you dont take in account of your own actions

Shadowstone says: just stupid

You say: later. I'm leaving cos i dont feel like doing something rash.EOF










Message 3:
From: puppy
Subj: Data

Cc: (To: mizan) puppy,data
Date: Jul 21 22:48

Here's the deal.  I'm going to allow Data to keep the object since he likes it.  He's agreed to stay off the cyber channels until he reaches level 30.  As far as I see things ... the matter is settled.  Any problems let me know.  Pup
