Mail message from Mizan:
Howdys. This is just a heads up. I imprisoned pan and uriel tonight because
they appeared to have been one person playing two characters. I have a long
screen cap but without seeing the timing between the two character's command
sequences it kind of doesn't do the full justice of it.

Oh well. To make a long story short here is the chain of events.

I login. Puppy suspects that Uriel and Pan might be the same person because
of the slow command cycles, and IP address.

We realize that this is the IP that Kezef and Whitewolf (their primaries)
login from.

I ghetto-snoop them and watch their commands for a while. Fairly slow words
per minute, and lots of random little mistakes that match the confusion of
one person playing two chars. This happened for perhaps 10-15 minutes.

I goto them, and just sit in the room watching. I start talking with both
of them at once and explain i am not convinced they are two people. Words
per
minute are still very slow and broken.

I tell them i don't buy the act and imprison both characters (uriel, pan).

Kezef (uriel) logs back in and starts to complain. Still fairly low words
per
minute, and Whitewolf (pan) doesn't login until i wonder why only one person
is there.

Words per minute go through the roof. At this point it looks clear that
there
are two people logged in.

After seeing for some time that there is definitely two people on at once, i
tell them both that i am going to release both characters in the AM (28
oct).

I tried telling them that having no less than 15 chars and partying them
together is not a great way to get on the good side of wizards who 'p h'.

If you have any suggestions on dealing with this or what the new policies
are
please let me know. Luckily nothing got out of hand, there was no violence
from either side other than me imprisoning their chars.

Yes, it is possible that they were multitasking, i.e. watching TV while
playing
and goofing around. But to not take it seriously when a wizard arrives and
another
is asking them what is going on, that's just reckless.

A little background story- Kezef and Whitewolf share the same place.


Player Affairs Decision: (Puppy)
After chatting at length with Mizan about the situation it is decided that Mizan will remove Kezef from jail.  Both of these people will log all chars with me (list to follow) and that they agree if one of them is afk the chars will not be with each other.

Char List:
Pan, Whitewolf, Fawn, Halo, Twig, Softwind, Softshadow, Kezef, Ironman, Steel, Manowar, Kinsler Quliaq, Gnome, Creep, Kongo, Minsc, Roc, Raz, Mordrin, Maxy, Uriel, Master, Angle, Fairy, Skittles, Swift, Hula, Redhawk, Whitefox, Fluffy, Whitehawk, Kenke, Phonton, Holder
