Kadath Notes
------------
villa2.c -
 As twilight fallS...
  As twilight falls, the day seems to begin over.
 Second line, you have a tense problem again.
Third sentence, change 'lead' to 'leads'.
merchant.c -
 You are using past tense for the description of the trader.
 rubie?  ruby?
 Extraneous comma in the last sentence.
villa3.c -
 Twlight is a typo.
 Past tense again in the first sentence.
 Gravestones don't have doors, but tombs, crypts, and monuments do.
 appears
cem1.c -
 Past tense again.
 When you're talking about 'their demise' are you referring to the great ones or the cursed ones?  How can they possess a crude form of socialization if they are dead?
 How is the passage hidden if you didn't even have to search for it?
gugs.c -
 Put a period after forearms and make "It has..." a separate sentence.
 Also, I think you should make the fangs appear AFTER death.
 Why are you describing the cursed ones and the great ones in the item descriptions if they aren't really there?  You can't really look at them.
koth.c -
 You're mixing past and present tenses again.
cave.c -
 prey UPON them
 Last sentence seems poorly phrased.  Do you mean the night watchers are found battling WITH the dwellers in the towers?
cave1.c -
 run -> runs
 look -> looks
 Make the hoof appear after the ghast dies.
 How exactly do I get to cem2.c from cave1.c by squeezing through a crack?
tunnel.c -
 seem -> seems
 hoovering -> hovering
 I am a little curious how you can see a dark cloud hovering over a mountain, if you are in a tunnel.
monstary.c -
 monastary
 You should indent the room description.
 The first sentence doesn't make any sense.  Are you trying to say that the tunnel is thousands of feet up on the inside of a hollowed out mountain?
 strecthed -> stretched
 Why is a prehistoric monastary dreaded?  If there are legends about them, then technically they aren't pre-historic.
 Why can't I go back into the tunnel here?
monstary1.c -
 doomed? domed?
 Also, tense again.
 Is this the same scimiter from the council guy?
 About Nyar again, you need to set a spell_mess2, or else it will appear as a 0.  You can just set it to "".
 How exactly do I get from the monastary back to the cemetary?  Why can't I see the monastary from the cemetary?
6altars.c -
 have -> has
 them -> it
had -> has
 ticked -> ticks
 bore -> bears
 Put a \n at the end of the clock description.
 altar 1-6, extraneous commas.
 What exactly are you trying to do with the faces and the pointer?
 You need another period in Carter's description.
Kalia is the vamp with login and light problems.
medallion.c -
 It is used for sacrificial dances.
turban.c -
 rubie -> ruby
 Also, you can twist off infinite rubies.  Even if you fix that, I suggest making this item unsavable so that players can't store it to bring the ruby back.
 You could also make it so it saves whether or not the ruby is there even when its been stored, but it is complicated.
