                        -=[Symbiotes]=-


Theme:
  The symbiotes are based on the marvel character Venom.  Venom is a symbiotic
lifeform that lives in the spine of its host. When called on, it sprouts from
the persons back and surrounds them in a black smooth coating that acts as 
body armor and weapon.  When appropriate the symbiote can shape itself into 
a great number of offensive weapons as well as defensive.  Claws, huge teeth,
and great strength are the common offensive abilities of this creature.  As
well, the symbiote is capable of creating a web-like substance in which it can
eject from its hands. This webbing is created from excess material that the
symbiote has stored.  The symbiote and the host are one and the same, but a bit
of confusion occurs when they become one, they often times refer to themselves
as we, and us, instead of I and me.  To join the guild a player must contact
me and I will, after speaking with them and making sure they are someone who
can follow the theme, place them into the guild. The object that places them
into the guild is ball.c in the venom dir. It runs them through a themed series
of messages that lets the player know exactly what has happened(the symbiote
attaching itself to the spine, etc). The guild attempts to capture the exact
theme displayed in the marvel comics. 


Guild entrance:  
As mentioned before, players must talk to myself in order to be placed
within the guild. When joining, they must be at least 5th level, if
higher than 5th their level will drop to 5th.  All abilities higher
than 14 will drop to 14. This shows the horrible strain of having the
symbiote attach itself.


History:
  For nirvana, the symbiotes originate from space.  A ship carrying the
original specimen crash lands on the planet; the ship burying itself into
the side of a mountain.  This is where the guild hall will be/is. The
symbiotes only concern is survival, therefore it will find hosts in which
to attach itself and live.

Organization:
  The guild is based on the survival of the symbiote, and nothing else. 
Persons within the guild are free to do whatever they wish, up to and
including attacking their own kind. Much like the dervish or polys, this
is a guild that does not have its own set of laws, but instead, each
player is expected to find their own personality and stick to it. There are
no guild lines, and no guild who commands, considering this shows
organzation and that does not fit the theme.

Guild hall:
The current guild hall is closed to the public and is only one room. The future
guild hall will be 3-4 rooms, and open to the public (PK also)

Themes in Powers/Disadvantages:

No mini-guilds:   I have never been in favor of mini-guilds for guilded
                  players, and this is just a preference for the guild.
                  
No quit while in combat:  A simple drawback with nothing in particular in
                          mind.
No game spells:   Much like no mini-guilds, I think having game spells
                  when in a guild are beyond pointless.
No pets:  The symbiote requires attention and dedication.  Having a pet
          is the same as dividing your attention.  The symbiote gets 
          jealous and eats the pet.
Lower Magic Attrib:  Symbiotes are highly physical, and magic is not in
                     their realm of concern.
Matter:   Matter(corpses) are required to maintain the symbiote.  Having
          matter allows the player to changeform, use abilities, etc. If
          matter drops too low, the symbiote suffers, and with a direct
          connection to the player, hurts the player in the process.
No armor in Symbiote form:  When changed, the symbiote covers the players
                            body completely, attempting to stop attacks and
                            protect the host.  Armor cannot be used while
                            changed, but can while the symbiote does not
                            cover the players body.
No weapon:  The symbiote is the weapon, claws, teeth, and such.  Using a
            weapon is allowed in unchanged form(no spells tho)

Infusion drawback:  Infusion hurts the symbiote.  Being healed by someone
                    else will do harm.  This is just something i threw in
                    as an extra drawback.
           --------------------------------------------
Special say:  I created this say command to change words that deal in the
              singular to the plural.  This was done so as to help the theme
              of the guild and to follow up on the personality of the
              symbiote and player together.
Special emotes: When changed, some emotes are different. This was done to
                help the theme also, to create more imagery.

You will notice that the symbiotes do not have a great range of powers, and
that most deal mainly in the physical range of the symb.  Spells such as
burnoff(detoxer) and regeneration are there because of the link between the
symbiote and the player.  The symbiote, being attached to the players spine,
can directly effect the players metabolism and bodily functions.

Web is a direct spinoff from the comic book, as well as most of the attacks
that the symbiote performs. Web slam, bite attacks, frenzy, shaping their
limbs into weapons, etc. Harden was a bit of a stretch from the original
theme, but it helps to expand them into a defensive, non offensive, mode
(much like modes for cyberninjas).

Flee is simply an extension of the symbiotes desire for survival. So running
from combat is easily understood.

Overall, the fighting theme of the symbiotes is this:
High offense with wc
Below average defense with ac(usually around 7-9 for an average, while players
can achieve a 15-16 quite easily)
low power in attack spells(but necessary nonetheless due to wc being so random),
at best spell damage is around 34, but this is VERY rare.



Leaving the guild places the player back down to 5th level.
