>> Level ONE - for players L1-L3
This is a newbie realm, and is not accessible once you pass the level 3.
It is a giant field of rabbits, and the goal is to eliminate the infestation
as well as taking the Spork of Might stolen by the Big Bunny back to the
entrance area to claim your prize, which grants access to the next level.

This is a straightforward level, It has a single 8x8 grid map, as well as a
single dungeon entrance to locate (which is visible).
Once the player retrieves the Spork and brings it back to the quest DM they
are granted access to L2.


>> Level TWO - for players L2-L4
Torgo's watch has gone missing. Search for it in the Weasel Farm, as one of
those shifty bastards probably stole it. Kill anything that gets in your way.

This realm is a single, flat grid with some randomly generated content.
There are six weasel holes that need to be found (some of them are visible,
some are not).


>> Level THREE - for players L3-L5
Earwax the Boozehound has absconded with the Blanket of Homeland Security.
Track him down and recover the Blanket. You will be opposed by members of
his Mutant Sheep Army, which you will need to eliminate in order to access
him in his Bunker of Delusions.
* Introduction of vehicles to player- as the Trojan Sheep
The trojan sheep only has a few moves worth of fuel onboard, which is enough
to cross the gap and avoid a massive horde of aggressive trooper sheep.

This map has three flat grids


Level FOUR - for players L5-L7
Juggalos/Juggalettes to slaughter mercilessly.

Level FIVE - for players L6-L8
Beano Fight House 
The arrangement of this realm is a stack of 5x5 maps.

Level SIX - for players L7-L9
Earwax the Digital Threatener returns! Enter the world of 8-bit computing
and track him down in the game grid. He is in possession of POKE, a powerful
computer memories altering tool which could threaten the existence of all of
us... provided he actually sobers up enough to be able to read the manual and
use it.

Level SEVEN - for players L8-L10
The House Cadfael

Level EIGHT - for players L10-L12
The Mysterious Lands of Mystery

Uncle Touchy
Captain Proctology
Colonel Poop

Level NINE - for players L11-L13


Level TEN - for players L12-L15

Level ELEVEN - for players L14-L16


Level TWELVE - for players L15- L17
The Dungeon of Malicious Odors

LEVEL THIRTEEN - for players L19
The House of Broken Sorrows

Level FOURTEEN - for players L19+
A Minor Situation at the Robot Factory

Level FIFTEEN
A Taste of War

LEVEL SIXTEEN - for players L19+
Hydra Fight Club - Enlist the help of Authentic World War II armored fighting
vehicles against the scourge of the fire/acid/electric/cold/death breathing
hydras! Yeah, this should be a piece of cake. No problem, right?

LEVEL SEVENTEEN
Mecha vs. Mecha

LEVEL EIGHTEEN
Anderson - The reincarnate
Anderson is a creature that has died many deaths... at YOUR hands. First, as
a bunny, then as a sheep, and as a Beano... You have killed Anderson over and
over again. Now he finally gets the chance to make things even. He's been
reincarnated as an XXX and its up to you to use whatever assets are available
to try and kick his ass.

LEVEL NINETEEN
Stalingrad

LEVEL TWENTY
Starts a repeat cycle of levels fourteen and up 
