
->> Stark tells you: how do you do it?  how do you stay interested in this place
?

You tell Stark: I code
You tell Stark: I don't have fun playing
You tell Stark: my paladins are done...putting them through approval now...
->> Stark tells you: heh

Stark tells you: wish I could code that fast

You tell Stark: i am making a handy dandy roommaker tool now...
->> Stark tells you: druids are hell for me

You tell Stark: heh:)
You tell Stark: if you want, you can make them a class
You tell Stark: I will show you how
->> Stark tells you: coding the spells

Stark tells you: like everytihng I wanna do is crazy :(

You tell Stark: nog...well, i have some pretty crazy stuff going with the paladi
ns too tho...
You tell Stark: like repent...makes the mob attack itself for 1-10 rounds and th
en it grows stronger and stops
->> Stark tells you: yeah, but you know how to do all of that stuff....  I've
never really spent the time...

You nod solemnly at Stark from afar.
You tell Stark: but you are learning
You tell Stark: i have worked on about 5 guilds...
Stark nods solemnly at you from afar.
Stark tells you: are all of your classes gunna be the same?

You tell Stark: each time i start one and don't finish tho, it gives me more to 
do with the next.:)
Stark tells you: ie: same advancement idea?

You tell Stark: the same setup, yes
You tell Stark: the skills and structure will change tho
Stark tells you: but if you 'know' one class.. you'll just rock the next one
you try?
You tell Stark: how do you mean?
Stark tells you: I mean, how IS the advancement structure?

Stark tells you: and do they have guild lines?  any sort of rooms?
You tell Stark: they will have a hall that they can go to for updates and news, 
but no real home, and no line
You tell Stark: lines are usually pointless and cause probs.
You tell Stark: when clans are finished, that will be their line
->> Stark tells you: interesting
You tell Stark: but as for advancement, they all advance the same way, moving xp
 over to class xp...but how they get it is going to be the question
->> Stark tells you: clans?

You tell Stark: nod, clans..
->> Stark tells you: heh...  can guild people join clans?
You tell Stark: not sure yet...guild ppl are overpowered one on one to a class p
erson...usually
You tell Stark: i imagine it will happen tho
You tell Stark: but if you wanna see a guild person die, wait til he tries to fi
ght a 2 man class team
->> Stark tells you: interesting

Stark tells you: so it's either all mal or nothing?

You tell Stark: nah, like i said, its up in the air
->> Stark tells you: heh

You tell Stark: I don't know how to handle the balance...guilds will probably en
d up in clans...hard to say
You tell Stark: i'm not there yet
->> Stark tells you: hmm...

You tell Stark: if you want to see how the paladins will look, I can hand you th
e gob...it might interest you, or it might not...the help files cover it all
->> Stark tells you: I just fear the idea

Stark tells you: kinda outdating anything I've worked on

You tell Stark: nah...it'll be fun.
->> Stark tells you: worried the balance of power w/ the clans and classes would

shift and either you r0x0r or you're in a guild

Stark tells you: classes are neat... but where is the theme going to be
added?

Stark tells you: classes don't have lines.... don't have homes...  but how is
that supplimented for the people that LIKE guild lines and
guild halls?  for the community ideas?

You tell Stark: in the player who controls the class member...right now, theme d
oesn't REALLY exist...its just a weak illusion
You tell Stark: clans
->> Stark tells you: you say taht 2 guilds will waste 2 guilded?

You tell Stark: you find your clan, you find your family...you get your line
You tell Stark: 2 class will waste a guilded
You tell Stark: for sure
You tell Stark: but 1 class will lose to 1 guilded...easy
Stark tells you: umm...   2 class will waste 1 guilded?
You tell Stark: the fun of classes is finding out how you work with others, and 
knowing that working together will benefit just as much as working alone
You nod solemnly at Stark from afar.
->> Stark tells you: don't 2 guilded usually waste 1 guilded?
You tell Stark: 1 guilded will waste 1 classed
You nod solemnly at Stark from afar.
You tell Stark: kinda
You tell Stark: depends
You tell Stark: i am talking to the extreme
->> Stark tells you: Ok...  So you have CheatersRus clan

Stark tells you: and PKnewbie clan
You nod solemnly at Stark from afar.
Stark tells you: where does that lead the talkers?   Oh, fuck them... they
can just sit in the green?
You tell Stark: and 3 others that you will need to find names for
You nod solemnly at Stark from afar.
You tell Stark: I don't cater to non players
->> Stark tells you: that's bs though
You tell Stark: so?
Stark tells you: That's the player base
You tell Stark: yeah, and i don't care about ppl who do nothing but chat
You tell Stark: at all
Stark tells you: Hell... why even make spell names then?
You tell Stark: do you code your areas for the ppl who don't go in them?
->> Stark tells you: just power1 power2 power3

You tell Stark: cause i don't
Stark tells you: Why give the classes names?

You tell Stark: oh wait, I should tho...cause they will appreciate it
Stark tells you: just class1
You tell Stark: I don't understand what you are saying.
->> Stark tells you: No, but I make stuff in my area so that people would go see
it
You tell Stark: oh yay
->> Stark tells you: I don't make my area so the +21s can get the best sword
though

Stark tells you: I can make an area that the fighters would love

You tell Stark: yay for you, I don't either...but i do make them for the ppl who
 will GO there...not the ppl you want to cater to...the ppl who don't PLAY
->> Stark tells you: mon1, mon2, mon3... all of them give kickass exp

Stark tells you: You're missing something:  Everyone plays.  not everyone
plays ALL THE TIME though
You tell Stark: so right now, from what you have said, you think I should make a
 clan or system based for the ppl who want to sit around and talk about RL and d
o nothing...basically code a new green?
You tell Stark: yeah yeah, and all the time isn't what i ask for...I think you m
iss the point
->> Stark tells you: sure it is

You tell Stark: the point is, ppl in classes will have a place, and that place i
s the one they create for themselves...
Stark tells you: you want to cater to the ubergammers
You tell Stark: not the ones where: Oh, i joined the vamps...now i am part of th
is big happy family that does NOTHING.......yay
Stark tells you: ya gotta give a story in the area... a theme to the class...
a place for people to be

Stark tells you: hell... why do we need clans?!  People can Party with
whomever they want!

You tell Stark: all this and you haven't even looked at the object...tsk tsk
You tell Stark: and you know nothing about clans...and I have told you almost no
thing...and yet you go on as if you can see into the future.
->> Stark tells you: why look at numbers in an obj when you can talk ideals with

its creator?

You tell Stark: all i see is your need to be pessimistic and call down every ide
a a person comes up with.
Stark tells you: if I talk wrongly of them...  let me konw
->> Stark tells you: now, quit whining, and start talking...
You tell Stark: the object tho has the theme
->> Stark tells you: I must've hit a sore spot... coz you stopped talking and
started acusing
You tell Stark: Ya know, I could say purple poodles with neon lights...and you w
ould have something to say about it...anyone ever told you that you are too opin
ionated?
You tell Stark: no, your arguments suck dood
->> Stark tells you: "no, your arguments suck dood"  <---  quit being a baby

You tell Stark: its all hypothetical and you have seen nothing of the code, the 
idea, or the plan
->> Stark tells you: and this is why I'm talking to you... now quit whining
You tell Stark: I am done. Stop talking to me.
->> Stark tells you: fine...  chilll out next time