Black Willow Order - 

Abbreviated background:
Black Willow Order is an religious order of experts in martial training. Over
centuries of worship of the Nightgod (to be named) they have developed unholy
powers to suppliment their combat ability.

Combat Abilities:
  * Black Willow Monks can only wield their guild weapon. The guild weapon
    consists of bracers fitted with slender blades running past their hands.
    (think Barraka from Mortal Combat) The blades are nothing special on 
    their own, but have the ability to absorb the powers of any weapon that
    the monk performs a ritual over. [was thinking we could clone the wep
    that they want to absorb, change short,long,name,wieght,wc... to dis-
    guise as the guild weapon]

  * Black Willow Monks wc and # attacks per round based on:
	1. level of darkness in room
    	2. alignment (more evil the better)
	3. guild level
	4. Dexterity 

  * Black Willow Monks can wear any armor excluding shields BUT they have
    a cap on their AC. I was thinking between 10-15. I want them to be
    able to still use armor specials but not gain a high AC.

  * Black Willow Monk dodge ability can protect from some to all of the
    damage being directed at them in a round. This skill works on all
    types of damage, not just physical. Influences are:
	!. level of darkness in room
	2. alignment
	3. guild level
	4. dexterity
	5. inteligence
	6. luck        
	7. weight (encumberance)

  * Black Willow Monks have bonuses against Dark and Evil damage types
    
  * Black Willow Monks have penalties against Light and Good dtypes

Normal Abilities"

  * Black Willow Monks are blinded by light. In rooms with light > 0
    BWMs cannot see. They can see in any room with light < 0.

  * All BWMs can conjure globes of darkness onto their person. The
    level of darkness is based on their guild level and their alignment
    as well as duration.

  * BWMs can move unnoticed if viewer fails spot check vs a calculated
    sneak check. (mixture of skills and levels and darkness?)

  * For fun BWM's can lower their alignment by using emotes deemed 'evil'
    or 'mean' on other players

  * Id like to see some ways to force roleplay but we need to talk about
    that.

