This file will continue to grow as I think of more issues. -Sparrow

[Newbies]    
    Personally I feel that being a true newbie on Nirvana has become
    almost impossible. I would be interested in seeing exactly how many TRUE
    newbies that we gain, and how long they they actually stuck around. I have
    brought countless friends here, and the only ones that stayed for an extended
    period of time were the ones that a)already played similar muds before or b) 
    I had the time to teach them everything I know. When I started, 11-12 years
    ago, this was not an issue. They player base did a great job at teaching 
    newbies. That was also when you had to fight for the 40th spot. We just
    don't have the player base to put the job solely on them.

    The newbie areas, for example, do nothing to teach the newbie how to play. 
    They consist of extremely weak mobs in a "farm like" setting, penned up and
    ready to be blasted. Where this is fine for newbies, I feel
    that it would be better if we teach them a little strategy. Build quests into
    the area that allows them to use searching and problem solving to complete
    the task. Move the newbie areas closer to the main game spine (village), 
    nothing is more annoying than getting lost trying to find an area. What's 
    even worse is if you are just starting out in the game.

    The extremely low carry for newbies is something else I despise. I assume that
    it was developed to prevent players from being outfitted with the game's best 
    gear at level 1. Personally I feel that this is a rediculus way to create 
    balance. Carry should be based on strength and strength alone (maybe add 
    high willpower bonus or something for mind over matter) I suggest item level          some restrictions instead. This could be based on value, since if value is 
    calculated correctly (which it is by no means accurate right now) you would 
    have a much better gauge on the item's power. 
[/Newbies]

[Saving Items]
    SAVE THE ITEMS ON THE PLAYER. I really dont see the need for seperate 
    storage areas. Nirvana is the only mud that Ive seen that you have to
    take you gear somewhere, and then it only might store.
[/Saving Items]

[Attribs]
    Mmmm... Attributes. Currently there is no reason to max your attribs. Why
    waste experience on a stat that might not do anything for you? Well, I 
    agree that all stats should affect something at the game's core level.
    Here are a few ideas:
    Strength: Main stat for determining what you can carry. Also used to 
      calculate your damage bonus. For medium and large weapons, the main
      stat for to hit bonuses, small weapons would use the higher stat out
      of dex and str.
    Dexterity: Main stat for determining ac bonus. The heavier the armor, 
      the less this stat affects ac. This way you wouldnt be able to gain
      crazy ac from heavy armor + stat bonus. For small weapons dex could
      be used to determine to hit bonus if higher than str. If we implement
      decent missile weapons, this would also affect that.
    Stamina: Main stat for determining hp bonus per level. I do not like 
      the current system of raising stamina and gaining x hps. Hps would
      still be added on recursively. i.e. If you have 100 hps at level 10
      and increase your stamina to the point of getting a +1 bonus, you 
      would then have 110 hps.
    Magic Aptitude: Main stat for determining how powerful your spells are.
      This would be limited to true spells, not physical attack "spells"
      could also help determine how fast you regen sps.
    Intelligence: Main stat for determining how many skill points you get 
      per level and how many bonus sps you gain per levl. See Stamina.
    Charisma: This stat would dictate how your presence affects mobs. A
      high chrisma would make a mob less likely to be agressive. Also, this
      stat could affect the haggle skill. Also, this stat could dictate how
      many people can be in your party and/or following you.
    Luck - Remove it. We already have luck built in, its called random.
    Piety - Remove it. Piety is based on your actions and beliefs, there is 
      no need for a stat.
    Stealth - Remove it. I think that stealth should be a skill not an attrib.
    Will Power - This one is iffy. You could add it for certain resistances, 
      maybe a bonus to carry. Would mostly be a stat to check against.

    I feel that players should be given a base stat of 8 in each at character
    creation. Also they will be given a pool of stat points that can be applied
    to any stat they wish. As the stat is higher, it will cost more to raise
    at the begining. 9-12 cost 1 point a piece, 13-14 cost 2, 15-17 cost 3,
    18+ cost 4. This will allow players to raise as they see fit, but be
    penalize for trying to max.

    I would give the player 1 stat point for every three levels that they gain.
    Stats should be hard to come by because they affect every aspect of the 
    game. There should be no way to fully max all stats. (on a side note, a
    stat point gained while leveling would raise a stat 1 point regardless of
    the level of the stat, unlike the character creation stats.)
[/Attribs]

[Races]
    Races actually meaning something? A point to the character creation? I
    never thought I would see the day. Anyways, built in standard races would
    be an amazing thing. Character development should be in full swing by the
    time a player chooses their race. Race can play a large role in the way
    a character is played. Here is just an example of things that I would do
    with races:
      Elf: 
       +1 to dex 
       +1 charisma 
       -1 strength 
       -1 stamina
       25% resistance to mental
       ability to see in low light levels (light > -1)
     Dwarf:
       +1 to stamina
       -2 to charisma
       10% resistance to magic
       15% resistance to poison
       ability to see in low light levels (light > -1)
     
    These are just a few examples.
[/Races]

 
[Skills]
    Agree 100%. Game skills would make this place hard to beat. Also, mobs
    must also be able to have access to the skills too. This would definately
    help make coding interesting things a lot easier for those who have a 
    vision, but don't necessarily know how to put it into code.
    Here are a few things that I would like to see in skills:
      Split weapons up into different families. polearms, martial, exotic, etc.
      This will allow you to have different skills for each family. The higher
      the skill value the higher the to hit and damage. If a player has a 0 in
      that family of weapons, that weapon is unusable to them.

      Give weapons a size category. This way if you are a dexterity based
      character, you can use your dexterity stat instead of strength for 
      determining your to hit bonus with small weapons.
      
      Split armors into different categories, clothing, light, medium, heavy, 
      and shield for example. The higher the skill in a certain category, the
      more effective that armor is for the player. If they have a 0 in a 
      category, that armor is unusable.

      parrying - Let the player switch into a defensive fighting style, the
      higher the level of parry, the more attacks they can block per round, 
      as well as a greater chance for a ripostle. Casting a spell would 
      cancel parry mode.

      appraisal - Allow the player to roll to see if they can determine the
      value of an item. This would have to go hand in hand with the removal
      of free appraising at shops. Increase the shop rate to 100 and allow
      players to profit for undercutting the shops.

      haggle - Skill that can decrease the cost of items at the shop. With
      appraisal it would help you get more for what you sell.

      battle tactics solo - This skill would increase your combat abils
      when fighting solo.

      battle tactics group - This skill would increase your party members
      fighting ability 

      These are just a few examples...
[/Skills]

[Gear]
    The gear in the game makes my head hurt. I have yet to fully understand the
    concept of how wc and ac work. I truly feel that weapons should have seperate
    hit bonuses (to score a hit) and damage bonuses (to calculate how much damage
    was done) Also, physical damage is too confining. At the very least, I think
    that each weapon should have three physical sub categories: slashing, 
    piercing, and bludgeoning. For example, a morning star would have both 
    bludgeoning and piercing damage, so damage_bonus could be ({6,6,0}) meaning
    it will do 1-6 of piercing, 1-6 of bludgeoning, 0 slashing. 

    This would also be set in the armor, which would have ac of ({10,4,10}) AC 10 
    vs bludgeon, 4 vs piercing, 10 vs slashing. This would help add more variety 
    to the armors as well as make players have a strategy for killing different 
    types of mobs. Value could also be calculated as a base, and added to later
    with an add_value_bonus() or something along those lines.
[/Gear]



