Saze tells you: and ill just tell ya that the katana has more bugs than this
whole mud together, sumtimes it wont even attack, i died
because of it

Saze tells you: its cool man, i dont feel like getting the 1 mill plus exp
back

Saze tells you: i still plan on quitting tomorrow, im not worried about it
:P

tell saze so what all does this katana do?
Saze is invisible.
You speak to Saze: so what all does this katana do?
Saze is invisible.
You speak to Saze: what exactly caused you to die etc?
Saze tells you: sorry was afk dude
Saze tells you: ice,henrik,henrik

tell saze care to give me some insight as to how it all went down, what was the problems, scenarios etc?
Saze is invisible.
You speak to Saze: care to give me some insight as to how it all went down, what was the problems, scenarios etc?
tell saze care to give me some insight as to how it all went down, what was the problems, scenarios etc?
Saze is invisible.
You speak to Saze: care to give me some insight as to how it all went down, what was the problems, scenarios etc?
->> (Invis) Veeshan wizs: argo mob maybe not sure what killed him heh
Saze tells you: well, when a special from a mob goes off, the sword doesnt
give an attack for that round, i died from henrik because of
spanm the first time, and i ran back into the room with 0hp,
i wen to pick up the katan and it said katana doesnt exist

Saze tells you: i died again and i started off with the katana

Saze tells you: than i got my stuff and now it says i dont even have it so i
said fuck this shit and stored it, it stored fine but i
couldnt pick it back up...




->> Saze tells you: i dont want reimbursement or anything, man im done, ive died
wayyy too many times for that, i guess ill just go back to
my old muds

tell saze where do u have the katana stored?
Saze is invisible.
You speak to Saze: where do u have the katana stored?
->> Saze tells you: you guys did do a good job making this a more newbie
friendly mud tho

Saze tells you: in my hotel room
a
18:32:25 Saze tells you: more or less the katana has less to do with my deaths than rediculous amounts of lag, i have awesome internet and yet i still get spam
18:34:13 Saze tells you: imma see if subotai is put back on, i may stick around for a month or so, but not for fighting, only to see who all dies without the help of mal
18:34:31 Saze tells you: heh, the finisher the sword has fucks me a lot
18:35:27 Saze tells you: if i get a tough mob down to zero and i fail to fatal the mob they get hp back, but...if i get the fatal, my screen freezes for around 10 seconds or so if the mob is tougher.
18:36:19 Saze tells you: ahh, the real question, ive asked more times than ive taken a shit in my lifetime(and thats a lot) :P but now you know why i have the bitter taste of devs now
18:36:45 Saze tells you: when i bugg out i ask for help and noone besides fred has ever asked me about it
