Zidane tells you: YO

Zidane slaps you from afar!
Zidane slaps you from afar!
Zidane slaps you from afar!
Zidane drifts into view.
Zidane looks at you.
Fleshhunter ( player 8 ) has entered the game.
Someone gossips: Anyone know the score of the Raiders' game Sunday?
Martha gossips: someone lost
Lobo gossips: raiders lost...dunno by how much
Someone gossips: Oh, the Raiders lost?!?  I bet some people were very
disappointed...
Martha gossips: i cried for 3 days
Amonre gossips: what is a raider?
Amonre gossips: someone told me it was a big black bird
Someone gossips: A washed up old geezer
Miso gossips: afk
War gossips: yeah that a good one
Amonre gossips: i just wanted to make sure that when i told him he was full
of it that i was right
War gossips: a washed up old geezer that thinks they have a shot at winning
a super bowl
Colette ( player 11 ) has left the game.
'why do u hack that's not cool
Ok.
->> l

        This spot seems to have a very consistent ether-muck viscosity,
  and it seems to lift stress right off your shoulders like a sublime
  form of therapy. You can get a better view of the ether-muck from here,
  in all of its confused glory. You are not exactly sure why, but this
  area in particular feels just like home.
There are many obvious exits: up, machine, office, adv, fatso, blinko,
brose, mrug and bongo.

General Jadeite Beryl Zidane the General of the Negaverse. (neutral).
A toaster.
A Wacky Zacko pinball machine.
A huge wooden catapult.
A big cardboard box.
->> Noirceur ( player 19+40 ) has entered the game.
Noirceur ( player 19+40 ) has left the game.
Zidane exclaims: WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU GOD DAMMIT?!

'just asking a question
Ok.
->> shrug
You shrug.
->> Amonre ( player 10 ) has left the game.
Zidane says: Who are you dammit

Zidane says: YOU SHOULD NOT KNOW THIS INFO

Zidane says: Tell me the fuck who told you...

'your friends at the library
Ok.
->> Thalan ( player 9 ) has entere.
>> Thalan vibes: heya folks
>> Lexi vibes: Hiya Thalan
Zidane says: who

Guest ( player 1 ) has entered the game.
'the one you f'd over
Ok.
->> Guest ( player 1 ) has left the game.
Zidane asks: who did i fuck over?

Zidane asks: What does fuck over mean?

Wyatt ( player 5 ) has left the game.
'u tell me
Ok.
->> Hercules ( player 16 ) has entered the game.
Zidane says: .......

shrug
You shrug.
->> Zidane says: I don't know you but you're scaring the shit outa me

Zidane says: WHO THE FUCK TOLD YOU I HACKED DAMMIT

