
Thank you for taking the time to consider this proposal.

I would like to offer assistance to Beck's Power Ranger guild. I do not
want to steal the guild or take it over, however, I do not want to see
the guild disappear, diminished or divided. To that end I propose that I
be given access to the guild dirs to enable the guild to be an effective
and contributive member of Nirvana.

  I.  Primary Presence
    A.  A guild needs to have at least one active wizard. I do not mean
that a guild wizard needs to be present every hour of the day nor do
they need to decide every minute detail of the guild's activity. Rather,
I believe that a healthy guild should have wizard(s) who are actively
involved in at the minimum maintenance (see section II.) and preferably
active in progress, protection and morale.  Historically, as wizards
have become less and less involved in their guilds, the guilds
themselves have declined or suffered. There are several factors involved
in any guilds decline, but the presence of an active, visible guild
wizard will help to mitigate this problem.
    B.  Beck's presence over the last year has been sporadic at best and
for large periods of time completely absent. The times he has logged on,
he has done great things for the guild, but when there is often more
than 6 months between logins, it becomes a losing proposition. Time
passes quickly on an lpmud where changes are instaneous and sweeping.
Areas, guilds, objects come and go with fluidity. The lack of Beck's
presence severly handicaps the Power Ranger's ability to keep up.
	C.  The guild's stability is somewhat shaky because of the previous
criterion. While there are about 5-6 active members, the majority of the
guild is completely absent for one reason or another, but all connected
to the presence or absence of a guild wizard and his/her ability to
address the concerns that affect the guild.

 II.  Maintenance
    A.  Maintaining viability is a primary level of importance to me. I think 
the Power Ranger guild has a lot of potential. That is the reason I chose to 
join the guild. The reason I chose to become a wizard. I have always been a 
large supporter of the Power Ranger guild from its beginning. I consider a guild 
viable when it is kept current with any changes to the mud, other changes that 
affect the guild and general house keeping. Guilds can do this in several 
possible ways, but currently the Power Ranger guild does not have this most 
basic maintenance capacity.
    B.  Cleaning is a close second in importance and several parts of the Power 
Ranger guild need to have maintenance cleaning.
        1.  The Power Ranger guild hall and objects needs to be updated to 
accurately reflect the current state of the guild. Numbers are incorrect or out 
of date, players are confused about standard guild issues and there is general 
feeling that they are forgotten.
        2.  The Power Ranger membership also needs to be cleaned and handled 
more closely.
            a.  The fact that the guild sets membership limits is admirable, but 
if that is the solution, then the guild membership needs to be evaluated on a 
regular basis. Beck's current level of activity does not allow for this.
            b.  The Power Ranger guild membership numbers also need to be 
evaluated in terms of what level of the general mud population needs to be 
allowed. Players with multiple characters in different guilds will not generally 
have the time necessary to deal with the significant time and experience 
requirements to be active in the guild. There are a couple solutions to this 
problem. Either the general guild requirements can be reduced or made easier, or 
else the guild membership itself can be more closely evaluated.
        3.  The Power Ranger guild members themselves could accomplish much of 
the day to day maintenance of the guild membership if they were allowed a means 
of removing or suspending Power Rangers who do not actively contribute to the
progression of the guild. This is not intended to fill a diciplinary or 
corrective issues but does not preclude their use in such a manner.
    C.  With Nirvana based on an extensible lib and codebase that is flexible, 
the Power Ranger guild must be able to deal with those changes to remain 
current.
        1.  As the mudlib is updated changes may become necessary. Generally 
changes are made to be as retroactive as possible, but there are going to be 
exceptions.
        2.  As other guilds open or shutdown there is the possibilities that the 
Power Ranger guild will need to evaluated for continuing balance and 
accessability.
        3.  New areas and mobs can radically change the dynamics of a guild and 
they Power Ranger guild is no exception.
        4.  As new objects enter the mud there can be radical shifts in guild 
abilities. Also, older objects that have not been in general use can become 
problems for guilds and need to be dealt with. There are too many objects in the 
game for every single one to be tested in all possible combinations. Somethings 
are bound to conflict or need resolution.
    D.  Time constraints will result in problems for a guild as well. Seniors 
often have other continuing responsibilities without having to deal with another 
wiz-less guild. As more membership responsibilites of a guild like the Power 
Rangers are regulated, less time is required from seniors in policing problems.
    E.  Progress will also require that regular maintenance be performed.

III.  Progress
    A.  The guild has made little or no appreciable progress in terms of 
innovation. Not everything is about creating new things, but players seem to be 
very interested in knowing that their guild is being kept current, from guild 
room renovations, new features, or broader scope.
    B.  Beck has tried to keep the guild current, but only logging in for a 
couple of minutes 2 or 3 times a year is hard to keep it going. Player emails 
and complaints stack up unanswered. A standing joke in relation to the Power
Ranger guild questions is to "Mail Beck about it", meaning that it probably 
won't be dealt with anytime soon.
    C.  Over the course of several interviews with the few current members of 
the Rangers who log on regularly, several different ideas were expressed that 
would lend a large amount of playability and general feelings of "fun" that the 
guild provides. [Logs of conversations with Power Rangers are available upon
request. Both the existing Power Rangers and I affirm the desire to help the
guild, but not to radically change, take over, steal or otherwise destroy Beck's
original creation, remaining true to the original and within the bounds of the
existing theme and rules.]
    D.  Possible Changes:
        1.  Revisit the current implementation of the Power Ranger "power pool".
It would be necessary to maintain a balance of the guild's inherent ability
while also trying to increase the overall "playability" or "fun" of the guild.
        2.  Revise the Power Ranger guild hall "CommandCenter" to reflect the 
changes made to the guild thus far and possibly finish the previously started 
"build" modifications. Several additions have been planned but not implemented
currently.
        3.  Add on additional Power Ranger types or advanced add-ons. As Power
Rangers achieve the maximum guild level, the previous motivation for further 
playing is often reduced or minimized.
        4.  Lower money limit capacity for Power Ranger. As the guild is 
thematically not tied to materialism or wealth, but rather goodness and helping
others, the ability to have 80,000 coins is something that could be changed
in order to balance some of their other skills.
            a.  Siphon some of the extra money out of the guild.
            b.  Limit the maximum number of coins Power Rangers can carry.
        5.  Power Ranger "Megaship"
            a.  Could use some added functionality.
            b.  Currently it is fluff.
        6.  Power Ranger guild commanders/Team Leaders. Team Leaders are
currently included in the guild code, but largely unimplemented. No additional
power or combat abilities need to added, but some miscellaneous maintenance
skills could be implemented.
            a.  Provide help for smaller Power Rangers.
            b.  Monitor membership and either report or deal with problems.
            c.  Help in planning for the guild itself.
            d.  Monitor the current Power Ranger allies.
            e.  Composed of the top Power Ranger types "Space".
        7.  Boards
            a.  Council/Team Leader boards for postings votings.
            b.  Disemination of information in the absence of guild wizard.

 VI.  Morale [Player Response]
    A. The Power Ranger guildmembers have felt a general loss of pride in their 
standings as a guild. Ultimately a guild is only as good as the players who are 
in it.
        1.  Power Ranger guild is not considered viable by many players and is 
even openly disparaged as even being a "real" guild.
        2.  Players want to be join the guild but due to various factors are 
excluded from joining.
    B.  While the Power Ranger guild is not generally based on player control, 
they feel like the guild itself is out of control and unrepresented. The control 
level is perceived as not only missing, but actually losing ground.
    C.  Little reward is currently included in the current Power Ranger guild. 
The potential for reward is built into the guild, but missed largely because the 
inattention given to the guild. In a highly thematic guild like the Power Rangers, 
a lot of the reward is in the application of the guild's structure.
    D.  There is also a lack of satisfaction as problems mount in the Power 
Ranger guild. Not many Power Rangers log on and which only furthers the problems. 
The Power Ranger guild is heavily reliant upon multiple Power Rangers working 
together whereas the mud itself is generally designed around individuals. Also, 
occasional problems and bugs within the guild are demoralizing to the people who 
spend so much time and effort into being success in the Power Ranger guild.

  V.  Accountability
    A.  Only one wizard responsible for a guild is not unique, but I can lead to 
a lack of accountability.
        1.  Senior wizards are often to busy with their own projects or guilds 
to deal with the problems that periodically occur. Additionally, they are often 
unfamiliar with the Power Ranger guild and it's structure and application.
        2.  No one around to watch the Power Rangers or be responsible for them. 
There needs to be some level of advocacy.
    B.  There is also a lack of comparison or monitor for the Power Ranger 
guild. Other guilds are monitored closer and their affects on the mud and vice 
versa taken into account.

 VI.  Protection
    A.  Beck's code deserves being protected and maintained. Seniors without a 
feel for the Power Ranger guild theme may not realize why things are complete in 
the manner they are. Some of the code is out dated and needs to be updated to 
reflect the current state of the mud, but should be done so in a manner that 
protects the intent of the author.
    B.  The Power Ranger Theme and Ideals must also be protected. They are are 
the basis for everything completed in the guild. The Power Ranger guild deserves 
the advocacy and represenation of an active wizard, willing to make the time 
necessary to maintain, progress, protect, account for, and bolster the morale of 
members.
    C.  Changes made in the interest of the entire mud cannot be completed in a 
well informed manner without the accurate consideration of as many parts as 
possible, including those guilds that are still active.

