Nirvana Points

The purpose to the Nirvana Reward Point system is to give players and wizards
rewards for behaviors that are considered assets to the game.  By this, I don't
so much mean your standard killing and levelling, I mean things like helping
newbies, partying, reporting bugs, typos and ideas, creating areas, etc.

The points given can be redeemed for various items or capabilities.  In theory,
I'd like them to be transferable between characters; it wouldn't be very useful
to a wizard, for example, to have 20,000 points if they can't use them for 
their characters.  

What follows is the initial skeleton for the way I'd like to award points, and
some potential rewards.  All this stuff of course is completely subject to 
change, most likely it will change a great deal over time, but I have to start
somewhere, so this is what I have thus far.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Player Points 
Xlevels: 10 per XLevel
Newbie Helping: Probably quadruple the rate at which points are gained via 
  active time on, and through partying.  Not sure what else to do.
PK: 1 pk point is 1 NRP.
Donations: The server costs money, hosting cost money in the past, Boltar has
  put in a pretty substantial cash investment personally, and Mizan is putting
  in some now, it would be nice to offer some type of thank you to people for
  donating.  Donations will either go toward reimbursement of costs, or toward
  future marketing perhaps.  Upgrading the server and paying for internet 
  service is also a goal of this, although I really don't see anywhere near 
  enough money being donated for that, but one can always dream.
Contests: Winning contests will give points.  The points will most likely 
  depend on the number of entrants, the frequency of the contest, and what is
  involved in the contest.  In other words, the rather frequent exp contests 
  will not grant nearly as many points as, say, a quarterly description
  contest.  We need ideas for contests as well.
Active playing time: There is a slight reward for being online and playing.
Partying: Randomly while killing in a party reward points will be given.
Recruitment: I'm not sure how to work this, but perhaps if someone recruits a
  player, they receive, say, 10 points per xlevel that player ends up aquiring.
Submitting intelligent, well-written reviews on the popular mud-listing sites
  like mudmagic.com and The Mud Connector.  This would be highly subjective, 
  but should be based off how well-written and accurate the review is, and the
  picture it paints of the mud.  More convincing is better.  I'd say up to 1000
  points for these, with most falling in the 250 point range.
Healing: until the healer guild is revamped, I'd like to give points based upon
  that as well.  This is not just for healers, but for anyone that casts a heal
  spell upon a player (non-npc in other words) other than themself.
  
The following are the biggest behaviors I'd like to encourage, and as such, 
  will offer the most points.
  
Typos: 25 points per unique typo, perhaps 10 points apiece for bundled ones (as
  in the case of Eurale's Jurassic Park where I had to address the same exact
  typo probably 30 times).
Ideas: 10-100 points, perhaps more for better detailed idea submissions, but
  my thought is that there should be a reward for submitting ideas, especially
  detailed, well-thought out ones, and then it should be doubled if/when it's
  implemented.
Bugs: These fall into two categories: non-abusable, and abusable.  For the non-
  abusable bugs (hey, my sword doesn't store, it gives me a sensitive mind
  message), perhaps 25 points.  For the abusable ones, It would depend on how
  detailed the report is, how abusable the bug is (how hard is it to use), how
  widespread it can potentially be (ie, does it only affect female chars in the
  bard guild, or does it affect everyone in the game, etc), and the magnitude
  of the bug (how powerful is using it).  These could award anywhere from 25 to
  1000 points, perhaps for extreme ones, more.
Play-testing: Alpha and Beta testing should be rewardable.  This is going to be
  exceedingly subjective of course, but the points should be based off the time
  invested, how much help the player was, how detailed were their reports.  In
  other words reporting 'lightning spell is cool, maybe it could be in yellow 
  though,' and so on wouldn't be worth too much overall, but reports like 'I
  find that the monitor is very distracting, there are too many lines in it and
  it's badly organized.  Here's my suggestion for a replacement: blahblah'  And 
  so on.  This will be exceedingly beneficial for finishing the conversion to
  the LDMUD driver.
Reporting missing help files, or things missing from help files, similar things:
  We are missing a great number of help files.  A lot of other help files are
  very inadequate.  Players could even write the help files.  The points awarded
  for this would be based on the value of it.  A player-written help file 
  submission could be worth as much as 250, perhaps more.  Otherwise, it would
  range from 25 points for a simple 'hey there's no help blahblah' up to 250.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    
Wizard Points:

Wizards will have the potential to gain points far easier than players, and far
  faster.  This is because they have the greatest impact on the game.  This 
  gives them a reward for their time spent doing the little things in the game
  that players and even other wizards really don't notice.  Following are the
  potential actions that developers can receive points for.  Note that in all
  cases it will be the approver, not the wizard themself deciding the value to
  be given to work completed.  In the case of approvers gaining points, it will
  be at the discretion of a level 1000 or above.
  
Area creation:  Up to 1000 points for a well-designed, implemented area.
Typo correction:  Up to 25 points per.
Idea implementation:  Value based off the idea's value, and difficulty of the
  implementation.
Bug fixes:  Value based off difficulty of the implementation and probably to
  some extent, how fast it's addressed, and how major the bug is.
Approvals:
  Area:  Area approvals can be extremely frustrating, they will give up to 1000
  Item:  These are simpler, so up to perhaps 25 points.
  Other approvals:  Guilds need approval, changes need approvals, documentation
    going in needs approval, everything basically does.  This will very widely.
Proofreading and documentation:  Probably this should go with something based
  off the number of files proofread.  I'm thinking 25 points per, but that might
  be excessive, so perhaps 10-15.
Running events:  We have no events yet, but we will.
Actively running, maintaining guilds and other code:  Subjective, this will go 
  off a level 1000's discretion.
Other code:  Depends on what it is, it's scope, how good it is for the game, 
  how difficult the code is.  
Helping other wizards: Again, highly subjective.
Involvement in the major mud projects: LDMUD springs to mind immediately.  Work
  on this project will give probably a 25-50% bonus to all points gained for
  the work done.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Potential Rewards:

These are very bare-bones ideas.  Not all of these will be implemented, and
  there will hopefully be additions to this list, but this is what I have come
  up with so far.
  
Permanent stat increase: This isn't applicable until the stat changes go in. 25k
Resurrection charm: An item that either has charges, or a cooldown period that
  allows the player to self-resurrect himself or others, with the exp penalty
  cut in half, or by 30%.  25k
Experience Storage: Allow the player to store up to one million experience 
  points for use at any time.  This will allow players to leave a guild and be
  able to instantly apply that experience to their chars.  A very powerful
  ability and I'm not sure it will go in, but I think it would be really cool.
  Initially I'm thinking 50k.
Money Belt: This has already been coded by Angel and Katya.  This is an
  autoloading item that is invisible to other players, and can store up to 20k
  coins.  This will allow them to have that 20k even after a death, and to
  effectively raise their coin max to 100k.  This ability is far less powerful
  than it seems on the surface, but I think it's something that players would
  enjoy a great deal.  It will be one of the cheaper items as well.  10k
Gain dark sight: A very expensive ability, this will grant the player permanent
  night vision.  50k.
Double exp for a day: 25k
A 'word of recall' ability: With miniguilds in place, this isn't very potent, 
  and the item would have a cooldown on it.  10k
'Essence of Nirvana' item: this needs a better name, but the gist of it is that
  it will be a non-armor item that will grant protective abilities.  Players
  will be able to purchase (for more points) abilities for it, some potential
  ideas:
    Dtype protection (1% at a time, up to 5% per dtype, 10k apiece)
    Limited duration invisibility with silent movement: 50k
    Increase regen outside of combat: purchase hp and sp regen separate, 5
      different tiers of each, 10k apiece
Personalized item: An existing item in player's possession can be used as a
  template for a uniquely described item, usable only by the player, and 
  cannot be lost.  In other words, they can go to a location and receive it 
  again if they have lost it.  10k.
Mount: This was one of Vertebraker's suggestions a long time ago, and it's not
  something I'll do, but it's a potential idea.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some miscellaneous things:

I'd like to have coin donations grant points, but not sure if that's a good
idea or not, and if so, how much.  This takes money out of the economy, but it
isn't a particularly good way of doing it.

For players who break rules repeatedly, there will be a penalty applied to
their character, where they will not gain points for a predetermined amount.
Essentially, it will cost them points, but instead of taking them away, it 
merely prevents the accumulation of them until the penalty has been met.

Donation box at the green: adding items to it can confer points.  Not sure if
I want this or not, but it's a thought.

Player or wizard created maps of the game: I think Mizan should be consulted on
the feasbility of this, but it would be nice if we could have maps on the 
website of various areas.  The backbone, village of course for starters, but
also maps of areas, with some information in them as well. 

Area reviews and overviews.  Each area in the game should have some kind of
overview, and it would be nice if we had player reviews as well.  This should
at least be on the website, I don't feel it's necessary to have on the game.

Guild areas and overviews: same there.

Voting: Not sure if there's a means of proving that one has voted, perhaps a 
  time-stamp or something, but that would be easily cheatable I would think.
  
Potential contests: 
  area maps, overviews for a given area; first one done wins
  Poetry: dunno who would judge it but it's a possibility
  Item/room/mob description contests
  Exp: i'm currently working on a very nice recode of the exp contest.
  PK tournaments
  Coining tournaments
  Integrate the scavenger hunt as an event.
  Design an event.
  On ldmud: map an area, kill the mobs in it, full debugging, etc, pick one
    area at a time, get it fixed, have a wizard assigned to handling it.
    Not really sure if it's feasible but having something like that in would
    be really nice.
  
Events: 
  Invasion of the village
  Little mini-quest events
  I'm at a loss for others, but they should be quest-type things that have a
    scheduled start and end, that all players should be able to be involved in
    
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This sums up what I've come up with thus far for the Nirvana Reward Point 
system.  It desperately needs tweaking and fleshing out and input in general,
but I think it's a good starting point thus far.  All this information needs to
go into help files and postings for both players and wizards to see, and most 
of it needs actual code implementation.  I've done some of the core to it 
already, and have some of the rest of it done, but the items themselves, with
the exception of the belt, need coding.  

My thoughts for the help files is that it have its own subcategory and following:

Players:
Nirvana Reward Points: general file explains the purpose and the gist
What behaviors are rewarded: not sure what to title this, but it would list 
  the general behaviors rewarded and give a general idea of the points.
Awards: what awards exist and their costs, and individual files for each.
Penalty: the penalty policy.

Wizards: 
What points are awarded for.
Approval guidelines: guidelines for 100s and 1000s to award points.
How to award points to someone, apply a penalty, or adjust points, check logs.
