Revisions for the CyberNinja Guild:

A remaking of the guild hall making it into a Dojo on top
and underneath an electronic haven, or perhaps a combination of 
The two as opposed to a city which has no resemblance to a city.

A redoing of the help files to make them more readable.  Moving
The lore and history into aspects of the guildhall.

Abilities:
CyberNinjas will still purchase enhancements to aid in there fighting abilities.
As cybers purchase better chips enhancements will improve.  
 ~chips will no longer cost exp. 
As cybers belt levels increase the ninjas moves will improve.
 ~exp cost with coincides with practice usage cost.

A cyber will enter the guild when the receive there first initial enhancements.
All stats will be lowered or raised to meet initial cyberninja settings. 
Players will no longer be able to raise stats.  (never made much sense to me)
A new stat will appear of Humanity.
  ~It will limit the number of enhancements one is capable of receiving.  May
    also have other side effects if stat becomes to low.
Players no longer die persay, but instead take massive damage to both implants
and memory chips.  hence the lost of exp and stats.  They must be repaired at the
Guildhall.  'Resurrection will cost money'
As cybers buy enhancements they will receive extra abilities as well as stat increasions
depending upon what they purchase.  Some may also entail stat reductions.

When players first join the guild they will purchase a weapon on which to train.
These weapons will autoload.  (no more drawing wep from nowhere stuff) so there is no
per usage cost.  Though if the weapon is lost drop or whatever the a new weapon
must be purchased.

Weapons will no longer do automatic damage, but instead a player must issue a command
to attack.  For every belt level a player will learn new moves both offensive and defensive.
as well as through practice older moves will gain in strength.  A player must also have enough
practice points (hidden) before they can train to the next level.

Belt advancing will change.  Before they are issued a new belt they must spar a sensei demonstrating
their abilities and worthiness of a new belt.  The decision is automated on whether they have enough
practice points and if they injure the sensei to a certain level.

As a Ninja increases their enhancements their physical abilities will also increase but as will the energy cost to use those abilities.  A ninja will be able to memorize 5 sequences of moves in which they can preform in a single round.  The number of moves will be determined on chip quality as well as certain enhancements and energy levels.  The combination of moves will never exceeded 50 damage or an ac of 20. 

Enhancements:
Name:			Cost:	Stats:
cybereyes		50k     -10hum
bionic			60k     -10hum  +10str
blades			30k     -10hum  
eflux			50k     -10hum
mflux			50k     -10hum
hflux			50k     -10hum
biolight		15k     -5hum
matter_converter	70k     -15hum  
subdermal_armor		50k     -10hum  +10sta
overarmor               80k     -5hum   +2sta(with usage)
strength actuadors      20k     -1hum   +1str
energy actuadors        40k     -3hum   +3mag
sound dampeners         25k     -1hum   +2ste
50MB memory chips       50k     -5hum   +3int   (count in memorizing seqs)
