Approval Notes for
Coldwind's Desert Area
12/19/2001
by Feldegast

Rooms
-----

General:
  How does your area hook up to your castle?  You need to finish that before I can approve the area.

  I was extremely impressed by your attention to detail in this area.  Each room had descriptions
    for every item in the descriptions.  Good job!

  In the exit function, you are clearing the player's pk area flag, but you aren't setting it in
    the first place.  This should be set in the init function.

  In the short description, it is unnecessary to add the null strings ("") at either end.  When
    you add HIY to "Dahna Desert" the result is a string.  The only reason you would have to add ""
    to anything is if you wanted to convert a number to a string.  This does not require fixing,
    but you should make a note of it for your future areas.
      string + string = string
      int    + string = string
      int    + int    = int
  You repeatedly refer to "Few cacti plants".  This is not grammatically correct.  You can have
    "A few cactus plants" or "Several cactus plants" or "A few cacti".

  The same problem occurs with "Few palm trees" and "Few clouds".

  In your move action functions, you need a message to indicate the player has left.  Usually
    these messages are done with say messages instead of tell_room so that the person actually
    performing the command doesn't see their own entrance and exit, because they already know
    what they're doing.  (say is equivalent to tell_room w/blocking this_player(), which you
    did for some messages)

  In a few of the exit messages you did, you aliased both the shortcut command and the direction
    command.  For example, 'east' and 'e'.  The compass directions, up, and down, are all
    automatically aliases in the player object, so you only need to do east in such cases.
    Don't worry about fixing this, it doesn't break anything if you DO alias it twice.

  In general, I like the room descriptions that you did.  They were all of a good length and
    didn't get either too long or too short.

r1.c:
  Why do the cactus plants give me an uneasy feeling?
  The fox might confuse players.  They will almost inevitably try to kill it.
  In the description of "desert", you misspelled featureless.
  In the description of "sand", you need to conjugate cover to covers.  This note applies to
    all rooms that repeat this description.
  The description of "cacti" and "plants" has several grammatical problems.
  In the description of "path" you say the path leads east and west, but the exits are east
    and south.  This should be consistent with however you choose to do the entrance of your
    area.
  
r2.c:
  Good.

r3.c:
  You have an extra space on line 3.

r4.c:
  Good.

v1.c:
  Are there houses or are there tents to the east?  Some of the item descriptions seem
   ambiguous in that respect.

v2.c:
  Silence INVOLVES the area?  How?
  Your feet has leaded you?
  Few palm trees?
  In the fallen trees description: distroying.

v3.c:
  while *A* few others

v4.c:
  Is the village Arabian, meaning it is populated by the Arabs of earth, or is it Arabesque
    meaning that it possesses the qualities that we would associate with Arabians?  Is this
    a fantastical world you are creating, or is it based upon known historical or legendary
    facts?
  somwhere -> somewhere

v5.c:
  GROW high
  HAS been under a malicious attack recently
  Palm trees HAVE been
  rocks PREVENT you
  The description of 'rocks' is unclear.  Neutral?  Natural?
  In the hill description, A few rocks.
  You should allow some different ways to squeeze through the rocks so players don't get
    annoyed with you.
  Some suggestions:
    squeeze...through rocks
              rocks
              through hill
              hill
              in

v6.c:
  tents MAKE your
  The fallen trees BLOCK you...

v7.c:
  In the description of sign, capitalize the first letter.
  Empty eye sockets staring at you silently. Your heart shudders!!.

v9.c:
  An old sign HAS been posted...
  In the search message, you forgot a period at the end.
  You might want to try attacked_by instead of attack_object.

ma1.c:
  Period at end of sentence.
  he rocks -> the rocks

ma3.c:
  As you LOOK upwards, you FEEL?  That doesn't make sense.
  infinity, not THE infinity.
  heavely->heavily.  Of course, if there are only a few of them, I don't
    see how that can be heavily...
  The cave is not mentioned anywhere in the description, or in any of the
    short descriptions.  If you want to make the cave REALLY obscure, then
    that is okay, otherwise it should be more obvious.

ma4.c:
  a faintly lit cave
  The cave exits east, but I got here from the west.

ma5.c:
  That blue giant slave must really get around, he was in the last room too.
  as it PASSES by
  vission -> vision
  A better phrase would be "at the limit of your vision" or "as far as you can see".

ma6.c:
  East to go west?
  in THE far corners
  Extra space on line 5 of the description?

ma7.c:
  You can't enter an altar.  A temple, perhaps?
  The second sentence needs work.  It doesn't make sense.
  A soothing feeling
  In the search_rock function, how do you know they are searching the rocks?
    Also, you need a period at the end of the message for that.

ma8.c:
  BY their legs
  has SPENT
  stairs stand(?!)
  If the player kills all the people in the room, then the long description
    will no longer apply regarding the people in the room.

ma9.c:
  large rocks BLOCK
  as it PASSES by
  vission -> vision (see ma5.c)

ma10.c:
  A FEW CLOUDS
  BLOCK