room/vill_green
You are at an open green place south of the village church.
You can see a road further to the east.
    There are three obvious exits: north, west and east
Following the Rules Of Nature is Fzendatu the enchanter (black knight).
Sparkle the buxom bayou girl gone wild! (neutral).
A blockbuster firecracker.
A wireless balance meter.
The Obituary Notice.
Announcement bulletin board(27 msgs).
A vending machine.
A Trashcan.
A Salvation Army Box.
A light up plastic Santa.
An old ship's bell on a pole.
Suggestion Box.
->> read 26
reThe note is titled 'Tetrapods, Blitz, and 0/10(mizan)':

I just had an interesting situation where a player tried the elemental test
while morphed as a tetrapod. The player's initials were Crip. He was fighting
the wave and it was stuck at 0/10 hps. How is this possible? Well, let's see:

When you try to represent a monster lets say... with 400/1000 hp in a fraction
that is x/10 ... what is x? Simple. 4. The result is 4/10.
What if the monster has 500 hitpoints? Simple. 5/10.
What if the monster only has 40 hitpoints? Well... if you know how to round
integers, its going to be 0/10. But doesn't 0/10 mean ZERO? Not in this case.
The monster has 40HP, and 0/10 is the best way the for representing that? 0/10.

Follow? If not, dont worry. Just realize that 0/10 doesn't always mean 0.
A number is being rounded, and it is there. Okay. Let's move along...

The polymorph tetrapod form does not allow magic. No sonic, shock, missle, fi,
all that. There is only extra limbs, and a spell called 'Blitz'. Thae spell has
one dramatic limitation. It cannot KILL the monster... if it sees a monster
with 0/10 hitpoints (see above :) it will only emote that it hits but will
back off like and not kill the monster. Why? Well there's an esoteric bug that
if a spell like this kills the monster, the player dies too, and the monster
will respawn with 3/10 hp. Follow so far? Don't be embarrassed if you don't.
It might take re-reading once or twice to make sense. In a nutshell, Blitz is
not a good way to finish off the monster. You have to connect with your primary
weapon, and guess what... if said primary weapon is BROKEN it won't be much use!

Okay, so this person decides to repeatedly cast 'blitz' against this now 0/10
monster in an effort to kill it. Guess what! The monster won't die!
The anonymous player (Crip) blows ALL his heals on this thing and it blicks him.

This person then throws one hell of a temper tantrum, and to make a long story
short leaves a big mess behind, and a wake of hilarity for the peanut gallery
to chew on. Being that said player is fairly ignorant and not very
comprehending of the two issues mentioned above (repeatedly) this note was in
order. Well thanks for reading! If you've made it this far you have received
THE POWER UP and WON THE GAME! No seriously, thanks for reading.

-miz

->> d 2Sparkle squeals in delight!
7
The note is titled 'buh? why?(mizan)':

Well some people had been wondering why I had posted my previous note
about a player blowing their top over a game issue.

The reason is simple. I was preemptively fighting the player's story that
1) The monster was supposedly bugged.
2) Other wizards were harassing him at the time.
3) The entire polymorph guild is bugged.
4) Mizan is a power hungry wiz.

I knew that i was going to have to repeatedly answer questions about the
rumors if i didn't react. So there. Wasn't done out of malice, and i'm not
angry with Crip, just disappointed. When he returns to the game i'll just
leave him well enough alone. No need to jab him any further.

Well allow me to additionally address these points.
1) Has anyone taken the etest lately? If so it has occurred to you that
   the monsters seem harder. Well guess what, they were adjusted by their
   creator. So... what may have taken 13 spellcasts to kill might take
   significantly more than that now... HMMM! :)

2) At the time Crip was experiencing issues, channel wiz was actually
   abuzz because of my inability to count (extralevels), my inability to
   do ANSI title sets with the 'xtitle' cmd, and some funny things to do
   with Beanos and mud pregnancies. Crip was not on our radar, we were all
   too busy drinking tall glasses of "Mizan is a silly dope".

3) <SARCASM>Right. Nothing works in my guild. Sorry.</SARCASM>
   Of course it has bugs in it. It's not perfect, but Crip was the only one
   so far to have detonated publicly about _known issues_ for tetrapod combat.
   Hundreds of players have joined the polys, dozens have achieved L5 to get
   the tetrapod ability and this is the first time it has been an issue.
   What does this tell me? Error Code ID10T. "User incompetence".

4) I'm L21. Think about that for a moment. As Boltar puts it... "L21 wizzes
   can basically just sit in their caves and code". I had myself demoted
   from L200. I've been sharing my tools with other wizzes, something
   unthinkable in the past because i want wizzes to have parity in 'the biz',
   Think about that for a minute.

Thanks :)
-miz

->> licSparkle licks you.