Well, this note is mostly for posterity. A lot of stuff happened today...

I will try to keep this as short and non-partisan as possible:

Spade (==Fastkill) was observed today (by Forbin) logging in as Moby (== Billy).

When I confronted him Spade lied about the situation as where possible, 
adapting to the facts presented. After giving numerous chances to come 
clean, the eventual decision to nuke all his characters to L1 was made.

The characters were: Sylic, Boomer, Akira, Akiras, Fastkill, Spore, Nameless,
Dragon, Stalker, Kc, Chrono, Con, and Drove.

In addition, Blackheart was also reduced to L1, as he was a character that
Fastkill had given away previously (to Gamefreak).

During this time, Spade had contact with Billy, and unfortunately there was no
way to separate them beforehand so they could not get their stories straight.
This works well in RL interrogations however :)

Billy eventually logged in, and admitted he gave his character to Spade but
saw nothing wrong with it. He turned belligerent when informed that such an
action was indeed illegal according to help multiple. He feigned ignorance and
claimed players should not be expected to know all the rules. It went downhill
from there. Originally only Moby was to be affected, but it turned out that 
Billy was made L1 as well.

The irony of this is that Billy was one of the people who did report Crip for
giving away his character Blade to someone else, about a year ago.

In either case the situation degenerated rapidly, to the point where Billy 
started creating characters such as Vertesux, Vertesuxes, and Mizansux. I was
idle during that time so i cannot really comment about what happened.

ADDITIONAL NOTES:

I am sure that much can be said about wizards being too heavy handed or zealous
for enforcement. I don't regret my actions, considering that Fastkill and Billy
are among the MUD's most illogical (kids) to have ever logged in.
Vertebraker and Forbin were instrumental and directly involved with this
situation as it unfolded. Verte did a lot of the heavy lifting, and i am glad
for Forbin's presence as another wiz surveying the situation.

Talking to Fastkill does not work. My first contact with him on a disciplinary
level a week prior to this event was witnessed by Fakir (snooping). Billy was
downright nasty towards everyone involved. 

REFERENCE:

Forbin's screen capture of character swap (long!) /open/forbin/moby_strange.txt
Mizan's entire screen capture (super long) /open/mizan/fastkill-billy.txt
