(The formatting is a bit chopped up). -miz

I wouldn't normally respond to this sort of drivel, but it was fun.
To the uninitiated, this started when i snooped Rick (Hogath) after a
hearing indirectly of a long series of trash talk about me, that had 
originated from him. I was rewarded within MINUTES of my login.

Alexa/Martha was involved here because she was talking to Rick. Please
consult Illarion if you want a neutral 3rd party opinion on this, as he
started snooping me (i think) midway through.

As per the norm, my snoop logs reside in /players/mizan/logs/snoop, with
everything that i do naturally recorded in ./mizan

>Mizan - I just wanted to know how much longer this char was going
>to be snooped?  Also I was wondering WHY I am being snooped?
Because i forgot to remove it. Also you happened to be talking to Rick
at the time, so you became a 'splash target' so to speak.

>I have done nothing illegal, I don't cheat, I do nothing that is
>wrong, other than talking to Rick and his assorted chars, and
>there is nothing else I can really think of that I do. 
Other than talking shit about me, granted that isnt illegal, but tell me
that if you were in the same situation seeing someone talking shit about
you that no interest would be taken, and that you would NOT BE CURIOUS
as to why so much shit about yourself was being flung... I think not :)

>My conversations with Rick should be of no concern to anyone else on
>here, why they would be is beyond me.  
Using your own words about me... 'What ego! What does she think SHE IS?'
'Is SHE THAT IMPORTANT?'

(continued, next msg)

>You said you wanted people to come straight to you if they had an
>issue, so that is what I am doing.
About time goddamnit. I wonder how much shit talking you had done in the
past. At least i am glad you admitted to me on wiz the other day with other
people present that you were egging rick on.

>  However, I feel that by snooping
>me for no good reason, you are doing what so pisses you off.
--so sarry.--

>You could have come to me if you had an issue with something you think
>I may or may not be doing.
Pardon me, but i don't know exactly how to start a conversation in response
to that.
Mizan: "Hey, i noticed you've been talking a lot of shit about me lately
        behind my back and i guess you're right. Let's chat".
-or-
As Guest: "You know you're right, Mizan is a cocksackie and i hate him too.
          I agree with you, he's got a big ego, lets fuck him up behind his
          back, nigga!"

>These types of things are what drive players away.  
And spreading shit about other wizzes behind their backs solves everything?
Wowie-zowie, sign me the fuck up.

>Not comments made
>on an open channel or in a private chat.  I have played here for 
>years.
If you want a truly private chat, use UNIX talk over an SSH connection.
Anyone that believes a MUD is truly private for a chat- i've got some
Microsoft Internet Explorer Security patches to sell you.
This is a connection to SOMEONE ELSE'S COMPUTER over an unencrypted
TELNET session, on a completely unsecured medium. I don't understand this
'private' thing you speak of.
(continued, to part 3)

>I had only one char for a long time, then decided to wiz that
>char.  I now regret it because I think it has caused more problems
>than pleasure for me. 
Please elaborate on this. I would like to know what you specifically mean by
that. I thought things were peachy until i realized you were one of the people
jawing shit about me. Okay, so you said that you 'just agreed with rick to
make him feel better' or something to that effect. Well, that's just lame, imo.

> I enjoy coding, but I do not enjoy the bullshit
>that comes along with it.
Please elaborate on said bullshit. Are wizards not helping you with technical
issues? Are wizards forcing you to code things you dont want? Is it just that
coding is fun, but testing and debugging is boring? Please explain.
This is all news to me!

>  I never had an issue with you, but if I
>am going to be snooped for doing nothing wrong, I do have an issue with that.
Refer to the top, where i talked about not being able to resist seeing why
another wizard is talking shit about me, and trying to figure out what the hell
is going on.

>I know you choose to not be level 200 or whatever, but you still have a lot
>of the abilities that upper level wizzes have, such as snooping. 
The snooper i use is commonly available code. Even Data had a copy of it. I was
giving it out to other wizards to use. I dont know why suddenly you have moral
issues with it now, as i recall giving you and mishtar a copy on the same day.


> If I
>was doing something wrong, snoop away, but the people I choose to speak 
>with on here is not a valid reason to snoop me.  Or is it?  I won't
>stop talking to the people I talk to because others don't like it. 
Yawn. What's the point here?

>Look at how many people, including upper level wizzes, still talk to
>Reflex.  Do they get this kind of grief? 
I was not aware that other 'upper level wizzes' still talk to reflex.
I for one would not want to risk being associated with that cocksmoking code
thief. The fact that he is a fucking moron also helps too.
I wont even bother to ask who, since it isnt my business- just verte's and boltar's
and you havent backed up this claim anyhow.

> I am very frustrated that the
>place I come to for entertainment is turning into a place I now want
>to avoid because I feel like every move I make is being logged.  I don't
>do anything that I care if you see, I am not a mudsex freak, I don't 
>cheat, etc.  However, if I want to speak freely about things in my personal
>life, I don't feel that is anyone else's business.  If I wanted others to know,
>I would have told them myself.  Do you see where I am coming from?
This mud isn't truly private. Raw telnet means unencrypted packets floating
across the interweb for anyone who is host inline to see.

Do you see where I am coming from?
(continued on part 5)


>I dont' want to have conflict with you.  All I want to know is if I am 
>going to continue to be snooped without good cause.  I just want this
>to be a fun place to be again. Thanks for listening.
>Alexa/Martha
I'm sorry but its too late. It hurts me that you chose to mindlessly trash talk
me for no reason, other than to 'placate rick' and just go with the flow.
What kind of bullshit is that?

In my simple definition of what a friend is and is not, you simply don't qualify.
Now i don't expect you to sing my praises to Rick/Hogath and convert him to the
High Church of Mizanism, but simply going along and agreeing with him about how
much of an inflated ego freak i am is not what friends do with other friends.

"Do you see where I am coming from?"

So on that note, please fuck off. And if this place annoys you so much, please
do us a favor and not come here anymore. In case you haven't noticed or figured
out, i'm not pissed because of the snoop or privacy issues here, i'm disappointed
in you since i did nothing to harm you, and you seem to get some enjoyment taking
me out. I dont care if this place has 0 active wizplayers or not, but life is 
entirely too short to be dealing with ditzy backstabbing cunts like you.

Thurber's Corrolary: "Anyone who makes an argument on a public server about the 
                      importance of privacy has automatically lost. Period."

G.R.
-miz

