                   PK_GUILD PROPOSAL
                          BY
                       MALEDICTA
                        6.18.01


The creation of the "pk_guild" is based on the idea that certain
guilds, despite the old precedent set by old wizards, are meant
for pk.  As such, they fall under heavy restrictions that often
do not allow for much 'fun'.  This meaning, most ppl run easily,
the players are restricted to stock spells that are uninteresting
and easily defeated, and everything is too predictable - all of
this adding together to a dry feeling when playing.

PK_GUILD is the placement of the id() "pk_guild" into certain
guilds(NOT ALL GUILDS) to allow for a check to occur during pk
to see if new powers will work on the person being fought.  For
instance: A shardak might be able to use an improved form of
darkness that traps a "pk_guild" player in the room more readily
than another guild.  

Requirements for effect:
1.  Both players must have pk set in order to be effected by
    the special powers.
2.  Both players must be in "pk_guild"'s.
This makes it a voluntary process, whereas the chosen guild and
choosing to set pk are completely up to a player.

The overall effect of the power will be determined by a senior
wizard who will oversee the new powers.  A level of balance will
be necessary so that no one guild overwhelms another.  For instance,
some guilds might add more damage, allowing them to go over cap(like
a vampire now).  Another guild might have a spell that holds a player
to a room.  The choices are endless, and the balance is what is 
most important. 

Drawbacks:  Monsters don't gripe but players do.  No matter what
we ever do, a player will gripe about it.  The only solution is 
to realize this and set up a system to check out pk balance when
too many gripes over the same issue occur.  I also believe that
appointing a wizard over this is important so as to keep the gripes
from going straight to Boltar.  The few gripes that go around the
system can be ignored.

Balance is the key issue, and such it is important to have at least
two wizards to oversee the changes to the guilds to fit the system,
so that we don't end up with a FOS approach to balance - unable to 
see that the changes made were completely bogus, or trying to offset
them with inappropriate drawbacks.


I believe this is a necessary step in the process of pk on nirvana, and
one that we can stand to make with only minor trouble and major fun to
be had.

Guilds that might be affected:  Symbiotes, Neo Symbiotes, Fallen, 
Shardaks, Cyberninjas, Maybe Knights & Necro's.
