Review of the CyberNinja Guild
 
Advantages:
  Powerful guild weapons at high guild levels.
  Natural armor based on guild levels
  Powerful guild pets (mechs)
  Many informational 'knowledge' spells/abilities
  Many miscellaneous abilities (peace, slow hp<->sp transfer)
  Multiple attack modes (attack, defense, normal)
 
Disadvantages:
  Must use guild weapon at all times. This is a disadvantage at
    low guild levels where the weapon is pathetic.
  Natural guild armor is horrible at low guild levels and is a
    liability even at max guild levels since it averages ac5 at
    best. Since no armor can be worn, this is significant.
  Pets are expensive (2-40k) and have very low hps - 40k mech
    can die in a single side attack from a powerful monster.
  Honor Code - must maintain fairly strict social/behavioral
    guidelines. Guild Ministers and an honor_checkup program
    monitor this and add or subtract honor accordingly.
  Alignment - Weapon/spell subtractions for positive alignment.
    No bonuses for being evil.
  Cost - CyberNinja guild is very expensive. A total cost of
    3,610,000 exp for max guild level, along with a coin cost
    of 796,000 coins to reach max guild abilities.
  Player-Killing as theme - CyberNinjas must be 'PK' in order to
  use top guild abilities and to have maximum effectiveness.
 
Review:
  At top guild levels, CyberNinjas do much more damage in combat
  than non-guilded players. At low guild levels, they have an
  extremely difficult time surviving on their own. Poweful offense
  is countered by weak defense - averaging just over 1/2 the armor
  class max at max guild level.
  Guild pets are a bonus - their drawback is in their inherent
  hp weakness and cost but they are worthwhile.
  Informational and miscellaneous abilities are earned through the
  very high guild exp and coin costs. Most of the informational
  abilities are thematic but some miscellaneous abilities such as
  peace and hp<->sp transfer, as well as guild and player->player
  teleportation are rationalized in theme to cater to player
  desires (and to make the guild competitive with these 'standard'
  guild abilities).
  Attack modes are very useful - in attack mode, damage is very
  high, while in defense mode armor vs. powerful monsters is the
  best in the game. However, in attack mode, CyberNinjas average
  negative four (-4) armor class (actual increase of damage by
  twenty-five percent) which can be deadly . In defense mode,
  CyberNinjas do less damage than any other guild - plus guild
  spells are reduced in damage.
  Due to the player-killing requirement, most high-level
  CyberNinjas are PK. This means they must maintain a constant
  state of watchfulness, never go idle in open areas, and be
  subject to attack by any other pk player. It is a risk that no
  other guild must take.
 
Conclusion:
  The cost and drawbacks make the guild balanced on a power level
  but some abilities are not thematic.
