All spells based in Mana
Must meditate to raise mana.  -1HP -1SP => +1 MP
Spell book?
Pet Control as a 7th disiplne
no shield
only our pets
pets die-> You get hurt and -shocked-
only 2 dirrect spell attacks



** 6 Different groups.  You have to use the 1st in group enough time to get the 2nd ***
** 

Weather
 Light of Sol - Light Source
 Winds of Peace - Calms
 Mana of the Sky - Heals Druids in room
 Light of Luna - Can see in dark, but doesn' effect light
 Healing Rain - Heals people in room
 Mists of the Morn - Cloaks inventory of room
 Typhoon of Rage - Attacks all mobs in room, leaves caster w/ dmg shield for 5 rounds 
Natures Aura
 Autumn Leaves - Leaves Surround random ac
 Salmons Skin - Dodge 1 attack
 Bark Skin - Stronger skin boosts ac
 Fearful Nettle - Small attack along with small AC
 Thorned Wall - Thorns strike at you a bit, strike at other more.
 Granite Strength - HIGH ac boost, short time
 Natures Smile - Heals OR protects
Calls
 Call of the Protector - Drains your hp and mana into the pet at 1hp1mana-> 1hp
 Call of the Faithful - Opens portal to druid forest.  Open for 1 minute
 Call of the Faeries - Attack spell with time delay. Power of 'missile' w/ higher mana drain.
 Call of the Faith - Opens portal to dif' Druid.  Can possibly pull you in, pull them in, switch places or do nothing.  Small mana for them, hight for you.
 Call of the Gathering - Animals surround mob, random amts -> random animal summon. 
 Call of the Vines - Vines wrap around the armor of the mob and weaken it.  Lowers ac
 Call to Mother - The energies of life, the forest, and protective spirits erupt around the mob.  Attack spell with time delay.  Double sonic w/ higher mana drain.
Vision
 Natures Eye - Guild Who
 Merchants Eye - Assess a value / wc / ac of obj.
 Widened Eye - Mud Who
 Familiars Eye - See what pet sees
 Cats Eye - Can see in dark
 Allys Eye - See what Guild member sees
 Warriors Eye - Assess a mob/player
 Bending Eye - PURE Invis for short while, cannot move or talk
Blessing
 Long Travels - Raises Sta
 Faerries Kiss - Raises magic
 Trust in Self - Raises Luck
 Sleight of Hand - Weak Invis - moves room or looked at -> dropped.
 Long Life - Raises AC
 Heart of Sword - Raises WC
 Hidden Hands - Invis on others
 Warriors Soul - Raises WC/AC Heals over time
Plagues - Damage over Time
 Coat of Nettles - Sprays the mob w/ annoying nettles
 Pounding Hail - Small bits of hail attacks the mob
 Whirlwind - Wind whips around the mob
 Blinding Fog - Calms mob for several rounds.  
 Stinging Swarm - Insects of the forest surround the mob
 Tempestual Vengance - Storm errupts around mob, random chance mob can't run.
 Insanity - random aggro set on.  no regen, random amt of dot.  large to small.