
fields1	missing description for ‘stone structure’

fields2	“A stone building lies to the southeast”.  Is this a description?

fields3	“There is a stone building a short distance to the south of here”.  
	Is this a description?
	generally speaking: the description would show the shape, the color, 
	the dimension etc etc of the object looked at rather than its function or 
	where it lies.

fields4	“Grass ends where a moat to the north begins.  East a sheer cliff 
	lies beyond some dense vegetation, and south and west lie grassy fields.” 
	I would change to: “The grass ends where a moat begins. To the east a sheer 
	cliff is visible through a dense vegetation.  More grassy fields extend to 
	the north and to the south”.
	do_play():  it is written: “……You think it might be best to stay on Earwax's 
	good side.” A wizard should NOT assume anything about what a player is thinking.
	beast_desc():   why would I “Trust me” ????? I only trust myself  *wink*
	and, moreover, who is ‘me’?
	it is not obvious to ‘search vegetation’. I would add a hint.
	I would use the add_action ‘pass’ or ‘enter’ rather than ‘e’, also because 
	later you will ‘out’ the cave
	castle: "There's a castle beyond the moat, but there is no way to get to it
	from here." does this describe the castle?

fields5	same comments made in fields 4 apply here too.
	In previous room there is a hidden hint about ‘search vegetation’ 
	because it is written “…..but perhaps not” . Same here, but the vegetation 
	is not searchable.
	hmmmm, let me re-write the previous sentence: did you just copy and past 
	fields4 into fields5? Because several items are not here. 
	hmm, we must check this better
	castle: "you can see it, but it doesn't look like there's any way to get to it."
	does this describe the castle?

fields6	castle is not well described. At least, is it huge or small? 
	missing description for clouds. LOL, I know that clouds are not in the 
	room description, but they are in the description of the mountains, so, 
	a player is supposed to be able to “look clouds” and wouldn’t be happy 
	to see the message: "there are not clouds here." Are there clouds or not???   LOL
	generally speaking: ALL nouns must be described, even those which are 
	embedded within the description of items.

fields7	ok

fields8	ok

fields9	ok

fields10 ok

road1	what does it means “there are fields to either side of you”?? it might make 
	sense if I am traveling south/north, but if I am walking from east to west, 
	in my sides I see the road (which runs south/north)

road2	“….and a ways to the north is a castle.” hmmm, grammar?

road3	‘read sign’ and ‘look sign’ have the same effect……. I would change that to:
	look sign: “It is a wooden sign held by a pole, it can be ‘read’”
	read sign: “Due to the ongoing process …….”

by_shack building: there are two descriptions of it, the players can see only the
	second one.
	"To the west and north this grassy field continues." hmmm, i dont like the 
	verb 'continue'. continue from where? and if i have been staying in this room
	for several hours, why would i remember what was before this one?

shacks:

entrance lights: who said "Too bad you're not on mushrooms or acid....."??? i am on acid 
	99% of the times  *wink* 
	papers: who said "It would be the epitome of rudeness to go through someone 
	else's papers."???  i am a very rude player  *wink*
	doorway: "there are two".  is this a description?
	doorways: "Yup, it's a plural", and? Nirvana is not a school where players come
	to learn english grammar.  LOL
	cleaning_gear: again, why should a player "think you should look at the 
	'cleaning gear' instead." ??? dont assume what a player is or should be thinking.

equarters bunks: "They don't look very comfortable."  ok, but what is their shape? color?	
	very nice description about the smell. it really made me feel the smelling :)

cell	detainees: there are no detainees. so, why would a player suppose that "It's where 
	the "+ENG+" keeps their detainees." ???
	moreover: why would a player suppose that "but all their enemies either end up 
	dead (not very likely) or laughing at them (much more likely)."  ???
	ledge: "It doesn't look very comfortable." see bunks above.
	toilet: "It's functional yet ... functional."  hmmm, see above.

office	"West would most likely take you to where you got here by going east from 
	(go figure)"  expected :)
	pettibritches is not lookable, but only lt is. should add an id()

armory	racks have two descriptions
	racks: "The racks might once have held weapons, it's hard to tell without 
	disturbing the inch-thick dust." if it is hard to tell, how can you tell?  *wink*
	dust: i never noticed the difference between high and poor quality dust  *wink*

oquarters ghettochicken is not lookable, but only captain is. should add an id()
	how can a player assume he was in the "+ENG+"  for 12 years?
	"the smell is reminiscient....." -> "the smell could be reminiscent...." 
	and, also, hmmmm how could a player be so immaginative to think "of a month-old 
	rat corpse stuffed inside a fermented sausage after being spritzed up with 
	some skunk musk."  ????? (well, it is a great description, but, ... see my point?)

cave	ok






	

	
