                             MONOPOLY

                    Parker Brothers Trade-Mark
             For Its Real Estate Trading Game Equipment
  Copyright 1935, 1936, 1951, 1952, 1954, 1961 By Parker Brothers Inc.


BRIEF IDEA OF THE GAME

  THE IDEA OF THE GAME is to BUY and RENT or SELL properties so profit-
ably that one becomes the wealthies player and eventual WINNER.  Start-
ing from "GO" move Tokens around the Board according to throw of Dice.
When a Player's Token lands on a space NOT already owned, he may Buy
it from the BANK: otherwise it is auctioned to the highest bidder.  The
OBJECT of owning property is to collect Rents from Opponents stopping
there.  Rentals are greatly increased by the erection of Houses and Hotels,
so it is wise for a player to build them on some of his lots.  To raise more
money, Lots may be mortgaged to the Bank.  Community Chest and Chance
spaces give the draw of a Card, instructions on which must be followed.
Sometimes players land in Jail!  The game is one of shrewd and amusing
trading and excitement.

       Rules for NEW Short games are shown on separate sheet.

                     RULES

    EQUIPMENT consists of the BOARD with spaces indicating Ave-
nues, Railroads, Utilities, Rewards and Penalties over which the
players' pieces are moved.  There are Two DICE, TOKENS of various
designs for playing pieces, thirty-two HOUSES and Twelve HOTELS
and Two sets of cards for CHANCE and COMMUNITY CHEST
spaces.  There is a Title Deed card for ever property, and Scrip rep-
resenting MONEY.

    PREPARATION -- Place the Board on a table putting the Chance
cards and Community Chest cards face-down on their allotted spaces
on the board.  Each player is provided with One TOKEN to represent
him on his travels around the board.  Each player is given $1500.
All other equipment goes to the BANK.  One of the players is elected
BANKER.  (See Bank and BANKER.)

    MONEY -- Each player is given $1500 divided as follows:  Two
$500 -- Two $100 -- Two $50 -- Six $20 -- Five $10 -- Five $5 -- Five
$1.00.  All remaining money goes to the Bank.

    TO START THE GAME -- Starting with the Banker, each player in
turn throws the dice.  The player with the highest total starts the play.
He places his token on the corner marked "GO," throws the two dice
and moves his TOKEN in the direction of the ARROW the number of
spaces indicated by the Dice.  After he has completed his play, the
Turn to play passes to the left.  The TOKENS remain on the spaces
occupied and proceed from that point on the player's next turn.
Two or more Tokens may rest on the same space at the same time.

    ACCORDING TO THE SPACE which his Token reaches, a Player
may be entitled to buy Real Estate or other properties, - or be obliged
to pay Rent (if another owns the property), pay Taxes, draw a Chance
or a Community Chest card, "Go to Jail," etc.
    If a player Throws Doubles he moves his Token as usual the sum
of the two dice and the space thus reached is effective (i.e. the player
is subject to any privileges or penalties pertaining to that space.)
Retaining the dice he throws again and moves his Token as before and,
again, the space thus reached is effective.  If, however, he throws
three doubles in succession, he moves his Token immediately to the
space marked "IN Jail" (See Jail).

    SALARY (THE "GO" SPACE) -- In the corse of the game, Players
will encircle the board several times.  Each time a player's Token lands
on or passes over "GO" the banker pays him $200 "salary" regard-
less of whether he reaches or passes there on a throw of the dice or by
drawing a card.  However, $200 is paid only once each time around
the board, either for landing on, or passing over the "GO" space.  A
player does not collect another $200 if he has been on "GO" and
moves away on his next turn.  He never collects $400.  Exception:  If a
player passing "GO" on the throw of the dice, lands two spaces beyond
it on "Community Chest," or seven spaces beyond it on "Chance,"
and draws the card "Advance to Go," he collects $200 for passing
"GO" the first time and another $200 for reaching it the second time
by instructions on the cards.

    LANDING on UNOWNED PROPERTY -- When a Player lands on
an unowned property (i.e., on a Property space for which no other
player holds the title deed) whether by a throw of the dice or by a move
forced by the Draw of a Chance or a Community Chest card, the player
has the Option of Buying that property from the Bank at its printed 
price.  If a Player elects to Buy, he pays the Bank for that property 
and receives the Title Deed card showing ownership, which he places
face-up in front of him.  If the Player declines this option, the Banker
immediately offers this property for sale at AUCTION and sells it to
the highest bidder, accepting money as payment and giving the buyer
the proper Title Deed card as evidence of ownership.  Any player,
including the one who declined the option of buying at the printed
price, may bid.  Bidding may start at any price.

    LANDING on OWNED PROPERTY -- When a player lands on
owned property either by throw of Dice, or by a move forced by a 
Chance or Community Chest Card, the Owner collects RENT from
him in accordance with the list printed on the Title Deed card apply-
ing to it.  Note:  If the lot contains a House or Houses, the rent is
larger than it would be for an unimproved Lot.  If the lot is Mortgaged,
no rent can be collected.  Mortgaged property is designated by turning
face-down the Title Deed representing that property.
  Note:  If the owner fails to ask for his Rent before the second player
following throws the dice, the Rent is not collectible.

    ADVANTAGES for OWNERS -- It is an advantage to hold Title
Deeds to ALL of a comple Color-Group (for example:  Boardwalk
and Park Place, -- or Connecticut, Vermont and Oriental Avenues)
because the Owner may then charge Double Rent for unimproved Lots
of that property.  (This rule holds true for unmortgaged lots even
though another lot of that color-group be mortgaged.)
  The advantage of owning Houses and Hotels rather than unimproved prop-
  erty is that Rentals are very much Higher than for Unimproved Lots and
  profit the owner immensely.

    LANDING on "CHANCE" or "Community CHEST" -- A player takes
the top card from the pack indicated and after following the Instruc-
tions printed thereon, returns the card face down to the bottom of the
pack.  The "Get Out of Jail Free" card, however, is retained until
used.  After being used, it is returned to the bottom of the pack.  This
card may be Sold by a player to another player at a price agreeable
to both.
  If you land on tax space pay the bank.  INCOME TAX is 10%
of a player's total worth.  It is figured on CASH ON HAND, Printed
PRICE of properties (mortgaged or not) and Cost Price of any build-
ings he may own.  A player may estimate his tax at $200 and pay the
bank at once.  If he prefers, however, to pay the tax on his actual
worth he can do so, buy he must make his decision before he adds up
his total worth.

    BANKER -- Select as BANKER a player who will also make a good
Auctioneer.  If, as is customary, the Banker also plays in the game,
he must, or course, keep his personal funds separate from those of the
Bank.  When more than five persons play, the Banker sometimes elects
to act only as Banker and Auctioneer.

    THE BANK -- The Bank holds, besides the Bank's Money, thie Title
Deed Cards and Houses and Hotels prior to purchase and use by the
Players.  The Bank pays Salaries and Bonuses and Sells Properties to
the Players and delivers the proper Title Deed Cards therefor;
auctions Lots; sells Houses and Hotels to the Players and loans money
when required on Mortgages of property at the Mortgage Value which
is one-half of the Price printed on the board.  The Bank will at any
time buy back Houses and Hotels from Building Lots at half price.
  PAY TO THE BANK the price of all properties you buy from it,
also all taxes, fines, money penalties, loans and interest.
  THE BANK never "goes broke."  If the Bank runs out of Money
it may issue as much Money of its own as it may need by merely writ-
ing it on any ordinary paper.

    JAIL -- A Player Lands in Jail --  (1) If his piece lands on space
marked "GO TO JAIL."  (2) If he draws a card makred "GO TO
JAIL."  (3) If he throws Doubles three times in succession.
  NOTE:  When a player is sent to Jail he cannot collect $200 salary in
that move since, regardless of where his piece is on the path of the
board, he must move his piece DIRECTLY into Jail.  A player's turn
ends whenever sent to Jail.
  VISITING JAIL.  If a player is not "sent to Jail" but in the ordinary
course of pllay reaches that space, he is "Just Visiting," incurs no
penalty, and moves ahead in the usual manner on his next turn.
  A PLAYER GETS OUT OF JAIL --  (1) By throwing Doubles on any of
his next three turns after landing in Jail.  If he succeeds in doing this
he immediately moves forward the number of spaces shown by his
Doubles throw.  (2) By purchasing a "GET OUT OF JAIL FREE"
card from another player, at a price agreeable to both (unless h
already owns such a card by having on a previous turn drawn it from
Chance or Community Chest).  (3) By payin a $50 fine BEFORE
he throws the dice for either his next turn or succeeeding turn to play.
(4) A player MUST NOT remain in Jail after his third turn (i.e., not
longer than having three turns to play after being sent to Jail).
Immediately AFTER throwing the dice for his third turn he must pay
a $50 fine unless he throws Doubles.  He then comes out and imme-
diately moves forward from the Jail the number of spaces shown by
his throw.
  A player may buy and erect a House, sell or buy property, and
collect Rentals, even though he is in Jail.

    FREE PARKING -- Players who land on this space do not receive
any money, property or reward of any kind.  This is just a "free"
resting place.

    HOUSES -- can be bought only from the Bank and can only be
erected on Lots of a COMPLETE COLOR-GROUP which the Player
owns.  (Example:  If one player succeeds in owning Connecticut, Ver-
mont and Oriental Avenues, i.e. a compllete Color-Group, he may at any
period of his ownership Buy a House or Houses from the Bank to
erect thereon.  If he Buys one House, he may put it on any one of
these three lots.  The next House he buys and erects must be put on
one of the unoccupied lots of this or of any other complete Color-Group
he may own.  The price he must pay the Bank for each House is shown
on his Title Deed of the Lot.  On the Unimproved lots of his complete
Color-Group, he can still collect Double Rental from an opponent
landing thereon.)
  A Player may buy and erect in accordance with the above rules,
at any time, as many Houses as his judgement and financial standing
will allow, but he must build EVENLY (i.e. he cannot erect more
than one House on any one Lot of any Color-Group until he has built
one House on ever Lot of that Group.  He may then begin on the
second row of Houses and so on up to a limit of Four Houses to a
Lot.  But, he cannot Build, for example, three Houses on one lot if
he has only one House on another lot of that group).
  As you build evenly, you must break down evenly when you sell
Houses back to the Bank.

    HOTELS -- A Player must have Four Houses on each lot of a com-
plete Color-Group before he can buy a Hotel building.  He may then
Buy a Hotel from the Bank to be erected on any lot of that Color-
Group, delivering to the Bank therefor the Four Houses from that
Lot together with the Money price shown on the Title Deed.  (It is very
desirable to erect Hotels on account of the very large Rental which
may be charged.  Only one Hotel may be Erected on any One Lot.)

    BUILDING SHORTAGE -- When the Bank has no Houses to sell,
players wishing to build must wait for some player to turn back or to
sell his Houses to the Bank before building.  If there are a limited
number of Houses and Hotels available, and two or more players wish
to buy more than the Bank has, the Houses or Hotels must be sold at
auction to the highest bidder.

    SELLING PROPERTY -- Undeveloped Lots, Railroads and Utilities
(but not buildings) may be sold to any Player as a private transaction
for any amount that the Owner can get.  No Lot, however, can be sold
to another player if buildings are standing on any lots of that Color-
Group.  Any Buildings so located must be sold back to the Bank before
the owner can sell any Lot of that Color-Group.
  Houses and Hotels may be resold by Players to the Bank only, but
this may be done at any time and the Bank will pay one-half the price
paid for them.  Hotels cost the price of 5 houses.  All hotels on a Color-
Group may be sold complete at one time to the bank for half price, or
Hotels may be torn down one House at a time, evenly, in reverse of the
manner in which they were built up.  (See previous paragraphs,
Houses and Hotels.)

    MORTGAGES -- Properties can be mortgaged at any time through
the Bank only.  The mortgage value is printed on each Title Deed Card.
Houses or Hotels cannot be mortgaged.  Only lots can be mortgaged.
Before a lot can be mortgaged a player must sell back to the bank all
buildings on that lot and on all other lots of the same Color-Group.
The Bank will repay half of what was paid for these buildings.
  No rental can be collected on mortgaged lots or utilities, but rent
can be collected on unmortgaged property in that same group.
  In order to rebuild a house on mortgaged property the owner must
pay the Bank the amount of the mortgage plus 10 percent interest
charge and buy the House back from the Bank at its FULL PRICE.
  The player who mortgages property retains possession of it and no
other player may secure it by lifting the mortgage from the Bank.
The owner may, however, sell this mortgaged property to another
player at any agreed price.  The new owner may lift the mortgage
at once if he wishes, but, he must pay off the mortgage to the Bank
plus 10 percent interest.  If he fails to lift the mortgage at once he
must still pay the bank 10 percent interest when he buys the property
from the other player, and if he lifts the mortgage later he pays an
additional 10 percent interest as well as the principal to the Bank.

    BANKRUPTCY -- A player is bankrupt when he owes more than he
can pay either to another player or to the Bank.  If his debt is to
another player, he must turn over to that player all that he has of
value and retire from the game.  In making this settlement, if he owns
Houses or Hotels, he must return these to the Bank in exchange for
money to the extent of one-half the amount paid for them and this
cash is given to the creditor.  If he has mortgaged property, he also
turns this property over to his creditor but the new owner must at
once pay the bank the amount of interest on the loan which is 10%
of the value of the property.  After the new owner does this, he may,
at his option, pay the principal or hold the property until some later
turn at which time he may wish to lift the mortgage.  If he holds prop-
erty in this way until a later turn, he must pay the interest again when
he lifts the mortgage.
  Should a player owe the Bank, instead of another player, more than
he can pay (because of taxes or penalties) even by selling his business
and mortgaging property, he must turn over all his assets to the Bank.
In this case, the Bank immediately sells by auction all property so
taken except buildings.  A bankrupt player must immediatelyl retire
from the game.  The last player left in the game wins.

    MISCELLANEOUS -- Money can only be loaned to a player by the
Bank and then only by mortgaging property.  No player may borrow
from or lend money to another player.

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Questions on this game will be answered gladly if correct postage is enclosed.
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                PARKER BORTHERS, INC., Salem, Mass.


