Mizan wizs: i am sick of hogath

(Invis) hogath wizs: whatever
->> Mizan wizs: all he is doing is talking shit about me nowadays
(Invis) hogath wizs: no i don't
(Invis) hogath wizs: i talk shit about everyone ;)
->> Mizan wizs: commenting re: my ego
(Invis) hogath wizs: heh
->> Mizan wizs: just now and shit
(wiz) (invis) hogath sighs
(Invis) hogath wizs: i won't talk about you anymore
(Invis) hogath wizs: will that make you happy?
->> Mizan wizs: so when i punish ppl i am bad, when i try to ease up i am
slacking
(Invis) hogath wizs: yeah, sadly that's how it goes in life
->> Mizan wizs: if i ignore people, i'm suddenly being egoiste
Mizan wizs: fuck off
(Invis) hogath wizs: ok
->> Mizan wizs: typical uninformed decisions.
(Invis) hogath wizs: no, uninformed opinions
->> Boltar wizs: sigh
Mizan wizs: what the fuck did i ever do to you?
(wiz) Illarion clears his throat.
Mizan wizs: and now i am suddenly a public enemy
(Invis) hogath wizs: dude, i think your taking stuff outta context
(Invis) hogath wizs: i honestly think your a good guy
(Invis) hogath wizs: but i'm never not going to state my opinion on things
if i disagree
->> Boltar wizs: here's the problem. you don't disaggree with wiz decisions in
view of the players.
Mizan wizs: you tell me i'm a good guy on here, but have nothing but molten
shit and venom to say to others
Mizan wizs: stop spreading shit to ppl, i know you dont like me, just tell
it to my face
Mizan wizs: instead of helping drive ppl away
(Invis) hogath wizs: what i say to other people is my business and as i
said you are taking my words outta context
(Invis) hogath wizs: i drive people away?
->> Illarion wizs: Um, yeah, if you tell players how the other wizards suck,
they're gonna go somewhere else.
Boltar wizs: that's the effect of bad mouthing other wizards, and showing
conflict to the players.
Mizan wizs: by spreading unbase opinion on wiz rulings here, you breed
distrust among players
Mizan wizs: they dont want to come here when someone with a wiz char is
fuming about teh evil mizan and his types
Boltar wizs: the biggest problem in having players here has been conflict
between people.
(Invis) hogath wizs: ok, i won't talk to people anymore
(Invis) hogath wizs: i'll just play my chars and do my thing
->> Mizan wizs: so typical, i expected that response of you
Boltar wizs: people have a spat and then they both quit plus a few
by-standards.
(Invis) hogath wizs: i'm sure you did
->> Mizan wizs: forget it, a hopeless cause.
Boltar wizs: er by-standers
Mizan wizs: scathe logs in, looking for alexa, heh
Boltar wizs: in any case I don't know what happened in this case, don't
care to. I am just stating the consquences of it all.
Mizan wizs: well i dont say jack shit to the players
Mizan wizs: hogath here seems to enjoy spreading his view of wiz politics
and how they oppress to anyone who will listen
Mizan wizs: idiot.
(Invis) hogath wizs: think whatever you want, your entitled to your opinion
->> Mizan wizs: i'm not spreading it to players and randomly gossipy people
(wiz) (invis) hogath nods
(Invis) hogath wizs: who do i talk to mizan?
(Invis) hogath wizs: what 3 maybe 4 people?
->> Illarion wizs: any of those ppl have wiz chars, hogath?
(Invis) hogath wizs: yeah
->> Mizan wizs: i'm not going to start listing
Illarion wizs: doesn't matter
(Invis) hogath wizs: ok
->> Mizan wizs: it is counterproductive, you know what the drill is
Illarion wizs: it's still 3 or 4 too many
(Invis) hogath wizs: i honestly didn't realize i was doing anything wrong
->> Mizan wizs: heh
Boltar wizs: 3 or 4 quickly becomes everyone on the mud
Illarion wizs: not that I think this conversation is terribly productive in
any way, either
(Invis) hogath wizs: fine, you've pointed out a problem that i have caused,
i will endevor to not cause it in the future
->> Mizan wizs: yeah, i'm just oppressing people and shit
Mizan wizs: business as usual. SNAFU, etc.
(Invis) hogath wizs: your words not mine
->> Mizan wizs: </sarcasm>
Mizan wizs: sorry if it wasnt so patently obvious
Mizan wizs: 
Mizan wizs: oh well, i eagerly await the next morsel.
Mizan wizs: "mizan chewed me out and flexed his ego on the wiz channel"
Mizan wizs: "that fucker"
(Invis) hogath wizs: nah, i won't give you that
->> Mizan wizs: That would be a change.
(Invis) hogath wizs: like i said, you've pointed something out
(Invis) hogath wizs: i'll change it
->> Mizan wizs: heh
(Invis) hogath wizs: and i appoligize
(Invis) hogath wizs: thank you for pointing it out to me
->> (Invis) boltar wizs: well I think I'm gonna go out for a little bit
Khrell wizs: laters B
(Invis) hogath wizs: night
->> (Invis) boltar wizs: I should be back in an hour or 2
(Invis) boltar wizs: I just have to get out... go play some pinball or
something
(Invis) khrell wizs: Shall I detain DR is she does pop in, Boss? ;)
(Invis) boltar wizs: I don't care.
->> (Invis) boltar wizs: actually better that you don't.
(Invis) boltar wizs: have her log in and see me not here.
(Invis) khrell wizs: SO no fun with echoto dusty?
Mizan wizs: just make sure you make it look like to have come from me
Mizan wizs: so people can have their fodder
(Invis) boltar wizs: if you want to annoy her, that's your business.
Mizan wizs: liberal usage of shit-covered beanos, underwear, and sewage,
etc.
(Invis) boltar wizs: of course she'll yell at me to yell at you
(Invis) khrell wizs: yaay
Beano falls out of the sky and lands on Mizan!


Cleaned this file up as well....
Hogath


