You tell Illarion, "why, so i can be snooped some more?"
->> Illarion tells you: In point of fact, -I- was snooping you.  Imagine my
surprise when I discovered you were already talking about Mizan behind his
back again.
You tell Illarion, "look i'm allowed to talk to other people, and i think that snooping me, and invading a private conversation is much worse than anything i'v ever done"

->> Illarion tells you: Look, as a wizard, you have certain responsibilities, and
not undermining other wizards is one of them.  I'm within my rights to snoop
you if I have reason to believe you're doing something wrong.

You tell Illarion, "am i?"

->> Illarion tells you: I am aware that Alexa is a wizard char, so while you
didn't actually do anything wrong by talking to her about this, it was still
VERY low

You tell Illarion, "as low as snooping someone who hasn't done anything wrong and is just expressing an opinion?"

You tell Illarion, "then ambushing that person?"
->> Illarion tells you: you know, if you were innocent, I could understand your
outrage

You tell Illarion, "that's the problem, i think i am"

Illarion tells you: Okay then, maybe I don't understand.  What exactly is
your problem with Mizan?

You tell Illarion, "i can understad there might have beena misunderstanding at some point, things have definately been taken out of context, and i won't say i've never discussed a wiz issue with a player, cause i can't be 100 percent sure, but i don't think the bashing i'm taking at this time is right or called for"

You tell Illarion, "i don't have a problem with him"

You tell Illarion, "just like with you i disagree with him sometimes"

->> Illarion tells you: oh, bullshit.  You've been talking crap about him for
months, and most if it has been to anyone but him

You tell Illarion, "i don't define that as a problem, i define that as life"

You tell Illarion, "you saying i've been snooped for months then?"
->> Illarion tells you: Actually I've had several people approach me about your
attitude
Illarion tells you: I just didn't realize what a problem it was until tonight

ou tell Illarion, "yeah, apparently niether did i"
->> Illarion tells you: Now, I am primarily a code monkey

Illarion tells you: This is just an informal chat because I hate to see this
kind of conflict.

You tell Illarion, "there is no conflict"

You tell Illarion, "to be honest, if people ask my opinion i gave it"

You tell Illarion, "maybe that freedom of thought is a bit much for people here"

You tell Illarion, "i honestly did not think i was breaking any rules"

You tell Illarion, "and i'm sorry if i did"

->> Illarion tells you: Well, technically, if everyone you spoke to was a wizard,
you didn't

Illarion tells you: BUT it's still pretty low talking bad about someone
behind their back

You tell Illarion, "no, low is snooping someone and accosting them"

You tell Illarion, "and do you know all of what i've said about mizan?"
->> Illarion tells you: I gave you an out.  All you had to say was "I'm busy now"
tell illarion i would have been lying

->> Illarion tells you: I don't know and quite frankly I don't care

You tell Illarion, "obviously you do"

->> Illarion tells you: But I've known Mizan for a long time, and I know how hard
it is to really offend him, but somehow you've managed to do just that

You tell Illarion, "i don't think it's hard"

You tell Illarion, "just disagree with him"

You tell Illarion, "then he can snoop you, and build up his case"

->> Illarion tells you: I disagree with him all the time.  We get along just
fine.

You tell Illarion, "my whole issue here is i don't understand why i was being snooped in the first place"

->> Illarion tells you: that's because I simply talk to him about it when I have
a problem.  I don't go around talking to everyone else about it

You tell Illarion, "i don't have a problem with him"

->> Illarion tells you: my guess, someone mentioned to mizan something you'd
said, and to make sure you weren't undermining anything important, he decided
to keep an eye on you

You tell Illarion, "and if i talk to people and he only get the part of the conversation that is on here, then he is going to take shit out of context"

You tell Illarion, "could have approached me about it"

You tell Illarion, "instead he's done to me what he accuses everyone of doing to him"

You tell Illarion, "kinda funny how that works"
->> Illarion tells you: two words:  persecution complex

You tell Illarion, "not i"
->> Illarion tells you: yes, you

You tell Illarion, "don't analyze me"

You tell Illarion, "i can tell you, you are not qualified"
->> Illarion tells you: If you're so messed up then maybe you should try to be
more careful about what you say to people.

You tell Illarion, "dude, i said don't analyze me"

You tell Illarion, "you really aren't qualified"

->> Illarion tells you: Oh, come off it.  You're too coherent to be that badly
damanged mentally.

You tell Illarion, "this game wont work on me"

You tell Illarion, "insulting me won't do you any good"

->> Illarion tells you: No, you really don't listen to ANYTHING you don't agree
with, do you?

You tell Illarion, "it just makes you look like the small petty person you are accusing me of being"

You tell Illarion, "sure i do"

You tell Illarion, "i'v listened to both you and mizan, i see there are some problems i need to endevor to correct and i will do that"

->> Illarion tells you: Oh, and by the way, I'm not being insulting yet.  You've
just worn away what little tactfulness I have

You tell Illarion, "you don't have much then"

->> Illarion tells you: Nope, I sure don't.  It's too much work for too little
return.

You tell Illarion, "then i suggest we leave this behind, before one of us crosses a boundry and really says something mean"

->> Illarion tells you: Just try to keep in mind that what you say to players,
and even to some extent to other wizards, may be taken as meaning a lot more
than it really does

You tell Illarion, "i guess i won't talk to players anymore"

->> Illarion tells you: Must you overreact to everything?

You tell Illarion, "when i'v been snooped for months...yes"

You tell Illarion, "if you don't recall several wizes left because of the mere accusation of this"

You tell Illarion, "and more than anything else i'm pissed, and i'm angry, and i think a little overreaction is in order"

You tell Illarion, "just like i expect mizan is pissed and angry, and overreacting to things he has taken out of context"

->> Illarion tells you: I think it's interesting that you assume you've been
snooped.  It means you KNOW you have something to feel guilty about, despite
all your protests to the contrary.

You tell Illarion, "no it means i can read what he said about me"

You tell Illarion, "and i never said i didn't say anything about him, just that it wasn't all bad"

You tell Illarion, "commenting on how he seems to whine about everyone saying he is oppressive isn't bad"

->> Illarion tells you: sophistry

You tell Illarion, "maybe, but i think if i'm talking to another wiz i'm allowed"

->> Illarion tells you: there's no rules or ethics violation there, no.  it's
still pretty low, tho

You tell Illarion, "i don't think so, i never attacked his char, i never did him harm, and if he hadn't been snooping me, then my LEGAL comments to another wiz wouldn't have been known"

->> Illarion tells you: <shrug> how long until you mess up and talk to a player
by mistake?  how long until you convince a wiz that this isn't the place to
be and they go somewhere else?

Illarion tells you: try to at least act like you've made a significant
investment in this place

You tell Illarion, "1, i know who i talk to and i know what i can and cant say to them"

You tell Illarion, "2. i haven't encourged anyone to not play here, nor would i"

->> Illarion tells you: I dunno, if I'd believed even half the shit you were
saying on chat earlier I might think twice about coming back here

You tell Illarion, "heh, well, that was a bit exagerated"

You tell Illarion, "but anyway, that's with alexa, and i guess i know i can't have a private conversation on here at all"

->> Illarion tells you: I treat nirvana like I would someone else's private
residence.  That does mean that occasionally the walls are going to be thin

You tell Illarion, "your right, now answer the other question"

You tell Illarion, "do you believe i'v told people or done anything to people to make them not want to play here"

->> Illarion tells you: by the way, I don't fucking care

You tell Illarion, "i'm sure, i just wanted to let you know"

->> Illarion tells you: i wouldn't have cared if those patently stupid rumors
reflex spread were true

You tell Illarion, "i would hate to be logged and not know"

->> Illarion tells you: Not to mention that client-side logs prove exactly
nothing

->> Illarion tells you: Anyway, I don't have any evidence as to wether your
actions have affected the player population, other than the fact tht your
attitude is generally negative, and gets worse when someone disagrees with
you

You tell Illarion, "my attitude towards players is negative?"

You tell Illarion, "i treat them badly?"

You tell Illarion, "i offer to party with them then pk them?"

->> Illarion tells you: I think you better read my tell again.

You tell Illarion, "i read your tell"

->> Illarion tells you: Okay, well, I don't see anything in it about players or
pk

You tell Illarion, "your right it doesn't"

You tell Illarion, "who is my negative attitude directed towards?"

->> Illarion tells you: What I say, you can take at face value.  That goes for
mizan too, unless he's intentionally bullshitting you

Illarion tells you: I meant just what I said- in my personal interations with
you, you have a generally negative attitude

Illarion tells you: Of course, I'm fairly cynical myself, even if I'm usually
cheerful about it

You tell Illarion, "so i'm negative towards you?  I stopped talking to you because i didn't want to get into a situation like this"

tell illarion i disagreed with you on something, you were obviously right about it

You tell Illarion, "i let it go, i'm sure there are other incidents, lord know i can be an ass"

->> >> Illarion tells you: I'm just telling you the impression I got, because you
ASKED for my opinion.  You're under no obligation to try to change it- and in
fact I wouldn't want anyone to change on the basis of my opinion.

You tell Illarion, "i honestly would just like to be left alone, i don't think i'v done anything patently wrong, maybe i'v violated some unwritten mud ethics code, i don't know, i do know that from every ethics class i'v ever taken i seem to be in the clear"

->>->> Illarion tells you: Well, I'm sure we'd all appreciate it if you kept those
kinds of conversations to IM, but you do as you like.

You tell Illarion, "oh, i will do my best"

->> ->> Illarion tells you: every time there's an instance of this kind of strife I'm
afraid Boltar will say "fuck it" and close the mud down

You tell Illarion, "we are talking about stuff that was said in a chat box, or to someone privately, honestly if he had a problem with what i was saying he could have approached me, i honestly don't have a problem with him, i doubt i could ever convince him or you of that"

You tell Illarion, "i'm not sure what he's saying i'v said outside of what i said tonight"

You tell Illarion, "and i honestly don't care at this point"
->> Illarion tells you: Heh.  All right.



cleaned this up a lil bit so it doesn't take up as much space....
Hogath