In regards to these two logs here are some of my comments, now that I've had a chance to cool off
The log of Mizan's comments about me


Obviously Mizan you are snooping my chars now or have been in the past.
I don't know how long you have been doing so, it looks like a week or
two, maybe longer.....
But just so you know who to snoop from now on i have the following chars...

Breeti
Eep
Sharpe
Danilo
Rick
Entreri
Crissy
Morgion
Talus
Vash

I think that's it, if you want to snoop more chars let me know i'll make more
that way you can waste even more space with my useless comments and conversations.

Hogath

By the way, I understand that if I make negative comments to people that can affect
thier desire to be on Nirvana, but you can't just blame me, and I think it's kinda sad
that you do.  But, if I've offended you i honestly appoligize and hope this list will make
it easier for you.  Maybe instead of spending time snooping me, you should examine the inner
you and figure out why someone would think you have a large ego and whine too much.  Just an
observation, no harm meant by it.


Illarion's long winded and pointless conversation with me....

Illarion makes some valid points here, I do have a tendancy to attack when I disagree with someone, but I think any one who has self respect will attack back when they are pushed too hard.  Maybe that's what happened with Mizan, I don't know, I was never given a chance, nor did I ask for a chance to defend myself.  I will say this for the wizes of nirvana, counter to what they might think I respect them, but if you are constantly asked why something was changed, or why someone was jailed bad things are going to come out, statements will be taken out of context.  I think Mizan has generally made good choices regarding players.  I just can't stand to hear someone who has claimed to be an 'enforcer' whine constantly, if it is the role you have chosen accept it, if you don't like how people talk about you, then  be a force for change through other methods.  Yes, I know that Mizan probably doesn't feel like or want to be labeled as an 'enforcer', but if the shoe fits....

I am honestly sorry if I have offended anyone.  I don't think that I have broken any rules, but if i have i will face whatever punishment that is to be given to me.  As for my attitude, I don't know what the hell that is about.  I only know of one person who has made a comment on my attitude to anyone, and if that's what we are going by then damn you have very little to nothing on me.  If i go off on another wiz as a player char, I honestly don't see what the problem is, someone has to take up for the players, and to be honest I might not be the right person for that job, but I don't see anyone else stepping up.  I'v never defended a player i knew was in the wrong and pointing out to a wiz that a mob they have created isn't worth the effort put into killing it, while not positive feedback, is better than the total lack of feedback.  Players on this mud deserve just as much respect as the wizes, without them there is no mud, and if you treat them like dumb school children then they will, as we are seeing now, leave.

I'm sure I will anger more people than i soothe with this note.  It can't be helped.  I'm sorry, if people think I've driven  players away, maybe I have, I don't see it, but then would I if I had?  I know Mizan prolly doesn't feel he has driven people away, but I'll bet if i tried really hard, well, maybe not that hard, I could find a few who would say he has.  It life, accept it that sometimes people aren't going to like you, cherish those that do, and you will be a much happier person.



Hogath



