
		(_____Elementalists_____)
	
		
               History of the Elementalists
		
				
 Many months later, the Four Elements decided to venture to the
people to ask for forgiveness. They were greeted with screams of
fear and panic. The citizens had grown afraid of the very people
that were assigned to protect them. The Four Elements, feeling
defeated, went their seperate ways. Aatami went deep into the planets
core to deal with earthquakes and tremors. Aeolos dispersed into
the atmosphere to calm hurricanes and tornados. Glyndwr decided to
become one of the oceans and to prevent tsunami's and typhoons.
Adroushan, however, had other plans. Adroushan made sure his
presence was known throughout the land by lighting buildings and
forests on fire from time to time. As the others learned of the
terrible things Adroushan was doing to the people, they decided
that their old friend had to be dismantled. Aatami, Aeolos, and
Glyndwr came together and confronted Adroushan. At first,
Adroushan admitted defeat and said he would go peacefully. As the
others closed in around him, he spun into a circle and released
fire everywhere. A massive battle broke out between the Elementals.
The people of the world finally experienced the full power of the
Four Elements. Fire Storms broke out across the lands, typhoons
destroyed villages, hurricanes ripped through homes, and earthquakes
ravaged the planet.

 Suddenly, a large figure appeared from thin air. A large arm
snatched up the Elementals and put them in an eternal prison.
Khnum had returned. He looked at his creations with disbelief and
hurled them into the ground. He walks over to them and shakes his
head in disgust. Finally, he speaks for the first time and says,
"I trusted you to guard and protect the people of this world. YOUR
people. Why do you attack each other when you should be guarding
them?" The Elementals looked at each other with disappointment.
Khnum gazed into the dark blue sky as if looking for an answer
from his world. Khnum sighed deeply and then continued, "My world
is doomed. I searched the stars in hopes of finding the cure that
I needed but found absolutely nothing. Maybe this is a sign that
I should stay here and protect this world with you." He glared at
his creations and added, "But more importantly, to keep you four
under my watchful eye." At that moment, Khnum had made Nirvana his
permanent home.

 Now Khnum, Aatami, Aeolos, Adroushan, and Glyndwr watch over the
Lands of Nirvana searching for worthy souls to learn their ancient
ways and to become one with the Elements.

