C Y B E R N I N J A S

Introduction File: aspects
Usage: cyber <topic>


     As a guild member, you must learn the following aspects
of the CyberNinja. Notice that guild level is based upon a
combination of two different level systems: Martial art belt
level and Neural Processor. Each are explained below.

Honor:  Honor is the defining level of seniority and goodwill
  within the guild. You gain honor by being exceptional and
  outspoken in the way you adhere to guild tenets. You can gain
  honor both by being honored by a senior guild member or
  automatically - such as generally advancing within the guild.
  At very high levels of honor, you can even begin to honor
  others. And, with high levels of honor, you heal more quickly.

Belt Color:  As ninjas gain experience, they may choose to
  advance in belt.  Belts range from white to black.  After
  black, degrees are placed upon a ninja's black belt.  Thus,
  every belt advancement threafter is represented in an extra
  degree mark placed upon the belt.  
  Many abilities are derived from a ninja's belt color.  Each 
  advancement in belt provides the ninja with stronger combat 
  abilities, especially when combined with ninja weapons. 
  To increase your belt level, you must be trained by a ninja
with a higher belt level than yours.

Credits System:  Ninjas have their own money system.  This is
  represented in credits, where 1 credit = 1 coin.  Each ninja
  has a credit account through which enhancements and other
  goods may be purchased.  Credits cannot be transferred from
  one account to another and cannot be withdrawn or converted
  back to coins. However, you can store much more credits than
  coins.

Enhancements:  Enhancements are physical hi-tech cybernetic
  additions to a ninja's body.  These enhancements stay with
  the ninja forever because they are surgically implanted.
  Enhancements vary in credit price ranges.  Ninjas must
  also have a certain complexity of neural processor in order
  to obtain special enhancements. All enhancements are 
  sold and installed in the ChopShop (see 'cyber map').
  When there, type 'register' for more info.

Neural Processor:  Your brand of Neural Processor determines
  how advanced your equipment and system hardware are.
  Generally, the better processor you have, the more
  complex and elaborate instructions are available to you.
  Instructions are similar to commands in other guilds.
  For processor upgrades, you will need to be upgraded by
  a ninja with a more advanced processor. All processor
  upgrades are performed in the Fabrication room
  (see 'cyber map'). When there, type 'register' for more info.

Weapons:  Ninjas may only wield ninja weapons.  These are
  special weapons which grow in strength with advancement
  in discipline.  Once ninjas have chosen their weapon, they
  may use it anytime.  While training in their weapon of
  choice, ninjas may not use any other weapons.  Changing
  weapons costs experience and credits. This is because
  Ninja weapons are very special neuro-muscular military
  hardware which can be quite powerful if used by a ninja
  with high belt level. All ninja weapons and various
  customization programming occurs in the Weaponry room
  (see 'cyber map'). When there, type 'register' for more info.

See also: weapons, influence, engineering
