C Y B E R N I N J A S

Introduction File: theme
Usage: cyber <topic>


     CyberNinjas are a combination of super-technology
with the deadly fighting skills of the ninja.  The outcome
is ninjas with cybernetic implants.  In combat, they use
individualized cyborg-like enhancements, ninja weapons,
and special attack maneuvers.  To improve upon their skills,
ninjas must invest experience in both quality of their
enhancements and skill in their martial discipline.

     CyberNinjas live by a common code, the Way, yet they
vary immensely from each other.  Each fights with ninja 
weaponry, yet each has a different weapon.  These 
similarities and differences combine to form the major 
theme behind the CyberNinjas.

     Long ago, the ancient CyberNinjas were fighter bands,
ruled by the Royal Court of Wizards. In this court were
Daimyos, Regents, and Emperors. The CyberNinjas prospered
during the First Age. Senseis, Judges, and Shoguns had
supreme player rule. But things were not to be forever
golden. The Second Age came with the decimation of the 
powerful Royal Court in a battle with the Old Gods.
Neither side won the battle, but both suffered great losses.
And soon hence, the Royal Court, except for a few loyal
wizards, and the Old Gods left the world to regain their
power. During this time, the Dark Ages, the CyberNinjas
dwindled near to extinction. However, the strong
survived to see that life was about to get better.

     Thus marks the coming of the Third Age, the
Return of the Royal Court. The Emperors and Regents
returned in full force, having gained much power in the
hiatus. They bestowed their newfound powers upon few
CyberNinjas that had survived. These veteran CyberNinjas
became Ministers and new Shoguns, for rule of a new age.
A new emphasis on honor and evil were installed in all
ninjas. The guild membership grew once more.

     However, the Royal Court knew that the Old Gods
still existed, and were forever a vampiric-like drain on 
their potential. So, the Royal Court, knowing that it could
not forever fight the Old Gods and win, sought to
unravel the ancient secret powers of immortal knowledge.
Their cry for help was answered with a chilling discovery.
The Royal Court, were they to defeat the Old Gods, would
have to surrender the very mortal world they lived upon.
They would also have to abandon their earthly forms,
and live forevermore in the Astral Realm. But in return,
they would be given all the power of the divine realm
they would trade for. And thus the deal was bound. The
Royal Court ascended to the stars and cast out the Old
Gods... making their former adversaries mortal, and
powerless forever over the New Gods.

     Henceforth began the Fourth Age, in which we all
now live. It is an age without the Royal Court. It is an
age where the CyberNinjas themselves must rule, taking
their direction from signs of the New Gods... their 
creators. For the wizards of old have not left, they
have instead changed planes of existance. Thus, they
constantly watch and listen. And their ears are always
open to a devout CyberNinja. The alignment and honor
codes of the ninja are up to their own player leaders.

See also: way
