Dervish guild description

The Dervish (not based on RL) are a group of ascetics who approach death and
battle without fear, knowing that the Sand is the ultimate power behind their
fate. The Sand is their life, as well as a source of death. If they do not
keep up with their sacrifices to the Sand (countdown by hb), the Sand takes
sacrifice from their blood.
Dervish start off extremely weak. They begin their journey as Initiates of
level 5 (5885 xp) and advance by normal levels. They can use any weapon but
as they increase in level, they quickly lose the ability to wear certain
types of armor. At level 19, they can only wear rings, amulets, and misc.
Their ascetic lifestyle is hard on the body - they have a stamina and strength
maximum of 15. They cannot use wimpy, as this would take away the risk of
death which is part of their faith.
As they advance in power, they gain a few shamanic spell abilities and, at
level 19, their most important power - dual wielding (at which point they are
whirling dervishes). At level 19+10, Dervish masters gain their
ultimate ability - control of the Sands to blast their opponents.

Advantages:

Can use healing spells, starting at level 10, only on self.
Can use a confusion spell at level 15.  -
    80 sps for duration of level hbs. Doubles hit_player damage - maximum of 50 damage each hit.
    Only works on damage from Dervishes.
Can dual-wield at level 19. -
    Like wielding both weapons at once. Very powerful.
Can cast a damage spell at extra level 10. - 
    random(40)+30 heal_self damage

Disadvantages:

Start off at level 5. -
  5885 xp, no ifs ands or buts.
Armor restrictions - as level goes up armor types possible go down.
No wimpy. - None
Stamina max of 15. - That's all they ever get.
Strength max of 15.
Must lead every fight they are in. - They cannot fight a monster that is not attacking them.
    Special exception - if monster is fighting a dervish, they simply take the monster's
    random(wc) as damage every hb.
Sand points - They must keep up with their sacrifices to the sand or they will die.
Spell delay. - Every guild spell has a delay before casting any other guild spell.
    Generally, the more powerful the spell, the longer the delay.
Cannot cast healing spells while in combat.
