MONSTERS

You should add set_gender() to all these critters.
  ok, done

prof.c -

    In the long description, why is search in ''s?   
        this is a hint to 'search corpse', to get 
        the cane and the watch after the prof is dead.
        is it too obscure?

    Need a comma after As he moves around                           
   ok done

    I don't like the system you use to determine damage
    for the heal_self() special.
    You're using very low figures, and adding bonuses to
    them.  To determine wc bonuses, use ONLY the guidelines
    in /open/NEWEXPGUIDE.  Do not create your own.
    If it is not an exact 10% chance or so forth, don't INVENT
    what the outcome may be .. And also, you certainly DON'T
    need a WC bonus for the ushers.  You get experience for
    killing them.
   ok done, wc_bonus(16)

    Why does the Professor's yell do 100 damage, straight off
    the top?  That doesn't even begin to make sense.  I know
    this is Nirvana, but still.
   ok done

    As far as the WC bonus goes in general, if you use this system,
    I would only grant a 10 point bonus total.  You also
    forgot that heal_self damage is to be counted twice.  This is
    how i arrived at the 10 point figure.
   see above

    You should add additional id's for "derossi",
    and "full professor" so the players can just kill the stupid
    thing.
   ok done
      
    You spelled "miniscule" incorrectly in the long description.
   isnt it 'minuscule' spelled ok?

    The spell chance is entirely too low.  Raise it to around 25-35%,
    and the spell damage should be much higher for a level 22
    monster.  Preferably around 60-70.
    You need a set_spell_dam2() as well.  And why is the
    spell just a Professor asking if they are studying?  Why would
    that do damage?
   ok done

Prof2.c -
   Casual dresses should be "casual dress".
   You should add an id for "dr. smith" or "smith".
   Why is set_dead_ob() here?
  ok, done

Ushers -
   Take out their chats.  They only apply to when the Professor
   is there.  What if he's dead?  They'll still go off, and they'll
   make no sense.  Why do you have set_dead_ob() on these objects?
   Especially without any monster_died() functions.
  ok, done (I put their chats within the heartbeat and with a prof check)
  also, about the pins: a pin is pinned on the uniform's collar, not on
  usher's flesh, or not?  :)

Usher1.c - 

   A pin on its collar?  How about HIS collar.
   "like to let him involved" should be "like to let him get involved".
  ok, done

Usher2.c -
   A pin on its collar.. blah.
   "very cautious in the movements".  -> very cautious in his movements
   "to feel himself safe" -> "to feel safe"
  ok, done

Usher3.c -
   A pin on its collar.. again!
   You can't be "tiny" of complexion.  Complexion is what your
   skin looks like.
  ok, done

Usher4.c -
   A pin on its collar.. okay i'm getting sick of this!
   "since little time" should be "not long ago"
   "her issues and doesnt know very well the secrets of the Academy"
    should be
   "her duties, and she is just getting acquainted with the secrets
    of the Academy"
  ok, done

Usher5.c

   A pin on its collar.
  ok, done   
