Proposal for New Nirvana Economy

The biggest cause of the inflation is that there is money being produced with no
control over it. That is the main idea behind having an Economy Daemon as it 
forces only so much money to be available in the world. If the amount of money 
is fixed, inflation is non-existant.

The downside is that you could (and most likely will) encounter the problem of 
lack of enough money in the world. That could be resolved by slowly increasing 
the amount of currency in your world, thus causing a controlled inflation but 
makes the money available to everyone.

The Economy Daemon is responsible for tracking the amount of money in the game:

- All money sources and sinks are tracked and understood
- Run time money stats are available just as a sanity check on things
- 'dangerous' or unexpected money changes are logged
- Large money changes, even valid transactions, trigger notifies just in case
- There's a single global value representing all money in circulation
- Global Offset Controller (see below) would tweak money sources as needed
  as a fail safe against total system lockout.
- Whenever an NPC is created with a fixed amount of money, have it get the 
  amount from the Economy Daemon. One the limit is reached no money is given
  to NPC's until money is retuned into the Economy Daemon. If an NPC with money 
  dies and the money isn't taken by someone, then return that amount as well.
- NPC's money drops are modified by thier death or theft rates. Item value 
  is similarly modified with every looting. 
                        -AND/OR-
- Conversely all items sold in Nirvana are tracked, NPC shop buy prices
  are modified based on supply and demand. As more of the same item is sold
  in shops the offer made by the NPC Shopkeepers drop.
  
     [The purpose of the dynamic feedback is to encourage variety]
     
This system would give rise to the possibilty of a money shortage with all 
of the available places for players to store money that should be circulating.
We would need to place limits on the amount of money (or equivalent item value)
that a player could store at each locaion and find ways to charege players
regular fees that slowly drain back into the Economy Daemon. Here are my
suggestions:

- Large quantities of money are taxed. Characters hoarding more than ?1 million?
  units of money could be taked on the amount over 1 million. A rate of 2-3%
  per week would prevent packrats from accumulating unlimited sized hoards.
  This includes all bank accounts and items stored.
  
- Clan and guild bank accounts can only hold a LIMITED amount. Since the very
  existence of the clan indicates that money has been paid, this limited 
  amount is fairly high (50 million?)
  
- Implement player run shops as an option for players to store a much higher
  equivalent value as stock. These shops would only accept the higest quality
  items that NPC shops automatically hide away. Owners can set their own sale
  prices. Owners pay very high rent rates so money turnove shouldnt be an issue.
  
- Clean up irrational sources of money. Animals don't carry money so why do some
  areas reward you with money when you kill them? 

- Force the carrying of money to always be stored in some sort of container/sack
  that has a limit and that adds increasing weight related to amount. This will 
  make players have to store their money either on them in another container 
  that will negatively impact carry, deposit it into a back, or spend it. 

- Get money back from the players by tying your vendor-type NPCs to your Economy
  Daemon. Set up the initial roll-out in such a way that all your vendors have a
  loaned amount, say 25,000 money units, that they must pay back. As they make 
  profits, those profits are returned back to the Economy Daemon until their 
  loan is fulfilled. The amount of money they current have to be persistent 
  otherwise our own rule. For example, if a vendor is created with a default 
  of 25,000 money units and purchased stuff from a player, their balance would 
  be lower than the 25,000 money. If the vendor is unloaded and then reloaded, 
  they are reset to 25,000 money.  

But by far the most critical part of the system is the global offset controller. 
This control system monitors the total quantity of money in existence, and 
subtly tweaks the money sources based on that value. The short-delay term of 
the control system looks at local deviations from the long term expectation, 
and fairly aggressively modifies the global money sources. This short-delay 
term can change total money influx on the order of 50% in a one week period 
if necessary.

As the total quantity of money in existence changes, the long-delay term of the 
control system slowly adjusts the set point for the short-delay calculations. 
If a large amount of money is in circulation, the short-delay set point will 
be lowered, globally lowering the input of money into the system.

The net result of all this is that we have a system that allows for fairly 
substantial deviations in the short term, but always returns to long term 
stability. Total money in circulation has varied by approximately 10% in the
course of a year with very little impact on the experience for the player.

Inactive players, Nirvana has many. What do we do with the money that isn't 
available since frozen in inactive accounts? I don't think that the amount 
of money tied up in inactive would be a significant percentage, it could add up.

To offset this, we need a few mechanisms in place that returns money back to
the system.:

- Change inactive system to allow players to stipulate duration of inactivity.
  Charge a re-occouring rate calculated from that span.
  
- Have a system in place that if players are absent for more than 60 days their
  money is temporarily returned back into the sysem. When they log on, it's
  returned to them. If the return of the money causes a negative balance in 
  the Economy Daemon and dry out NPC drops or activate the Global Offset
  Calculator

These are just suggestions from the research that I have done on proven
examples of different mud econonies.  We can use all, none, some. Please give
your feedback and/or examples of how you would improve upon them.

Sparrow 


