Bella tells you: Hey, did you look at Shinshi's area before it was put in the
game?
You tell Bella: I did.  I approved it
Bella tells you: really?
Bella tells you: thats not like you... the descs suck ass.
Bella tells you: a lot start with You and have There's and his tv in one room
are two different sizes.. etc.
Bella tells you: all the students have the same descs etc.
You tell Bella: There's is not an abbreviation.  It's a contraction.  They're perfectly fine.  The students are often from the same file.  All mobs in an area do not have to be individual
You tell Bella: I asked him to check the TV..  in case he missed it
Bella tells you: they never were prefectly find before.. how strange...
Bella tells you: You would think that students in a school wouldnt be all the
same.
Bella tells you: how odd.
You tell Bella: I have a few contractions in my descs..  Wax never said anything about them except to yell at me about it's and its..  which I did mess up a few times
Bella tells you: ah, well when I did mine, Vert and Vital both refused to let
them pass.
You tell Bella: I don't think there's a hard rule for those..  and I did make him change the rooms that assumed someone was looking..  like, "As you look farther you can see.."
Bella tells you: but there are the ones that start with You.
You tell Bella: Yeah..  I didn't make him change the ones that started with like "You are in the school's bathroom" or some such..  cos truth is, you are..  I did tell him to avoid assuming what a player would notice or do
Bella tells you: well, im sorry to say, those descs, really suck, they rarely
actually describe the room you are in, but the rooms next to
it... etc
You tell Bella: He's working on something a lot bigger that he knows more about.  The only reason he did that was cos someone told him to do a small one first..  he knows very little about preschools..  in fact, he had to ask me what a preschool kid looks like..
Bella tells you: well, he didnt do very good, you shouldnt just throw
something together, half the sentences were either choppy or
run on sentences, one room had two sentences that said the
same thing but just worded them differently.
Bella tells you: not all the nouns, not even the important nouns that he had
in the room desc, when he actually had them in it, you
couldnt look at.
You tell Bella: I thought I caught the run-ons..  some of them are shorter cos I had him chop a run on..  and you could look at the driver, but it was "bus driver"..  I just now asked him to add "driver" to it as well..  he did check on that one after you mailed him
Bella tells you: since I was bored, fred told me to go through his area, I
only did 6 rooms, they were all really badly done, one room
all it said was about scribbles on the walls, two different
ways, but nothing else.
Bella tells you: and I knew that There's wasnt an abbrev, but I couldnt think
of what it was, so i just put it as that. ;)
You tell Bella: He's not the best writer, but not everyone is..  I'm working with him, and I'm willing to help him with room descs..  but I let him get on with his bigger one, which I'll be harder on, expecting him to improve
Bella tells you: yeah, but come on, those really shouldnt have been even put
in to play... they are horrible.
You tell Bella: the code itself is a lot better than most people's first areas..  and that's worth something..  writing we can work on
Bella nods solemnly at you from afar.
Bella tells you: welll, if you even need help with going over descs, Im more
than willing to help.
Bella tells you: cuz trust me, i kno whe can do a lot better than what he
did... i know him..
You tell Bella: And I'll expect better from his next..  cos it'll be a lot more involved
Bella tells you: yeah, well he shouldnt be able to get by with a shitty area
just cuz he had to get something out before he was able to
do something he wants to do.
Bella tells you: in my opinion.
