You tell Fred: I have a question for you..  did you ask Bella to look through Shinshi's area?
(//Fred//): ask? no.
You tell Fred: tell?  suggest?
(//Fred//): she was complaining on star channel that the descriptions were horrible and there were spelling things and inconsistencies.
You tell Fred: The spelling is fine..  and she sent him a really rude mudmail..  not to mention a few comments to me
You tell Fred: There's nothing in there mispelled..  she says the sentances are choppy, but they're all full sentances.. grammatically correct..  better that than 8 lines long in one run-on sentence
You tell Fred: I think she's extending her war on me now that I've started ignoring her..  she's not getting any satisfaction
(//Fred//): she asked if I approved it and I said no that's not my job.  I then told her that if there are typos or inconsistancies as she stated she was free to mail Shinshi saying yeah this room says this but the item descrip doesn't match or whatever.  I also said she was welcome to use the typo command for things just like in any other area.
You tell Fred: She was nasty..  she did actually catch one thing inconsistant..  but, for example, one of her beefs is that mobs have the same desc..  no one said they have to be unique
You tell Fred: And said that "There's" is an abbreviation and isn't permitted
(//Fred//): what we ended up with was a 3-part mudmail which I can't say I've honestly read heh.
You tell Fred: I've seen a mail she sent him and he saved in his files..  and both her and Worm are ripping him up on public lines..  though Chip says that to his knowledge Worm hasn't been in there and is parroting her
(//Fred//): nod, Shinshi logs who enter his area so unless he followed someone in, he hasn't been in there.
You tell Fred: they're the only two who have said a word..  which adds to my suspicion that this is part of her war on me
You tell Fred: Honestly, a couple room descs have "you" in them still..  but I made him change everything that assumed what a player would do or notice.  The ones I let him leave in were things like "You are in the bathroom"..  which is a fact, not an assumption
(//Fred//): yeah I figured it was that's why when she was all questioning the approval and if anyone had I never said you did or admitted you did when she asked isn't that Star's job?  I just told her if she didn't like it she could use the typos command and such.
You tell Fred: Anyway, I sure hope she doesn't do this to everyone I approve..  I don't expect Pulitzer prize writers..  and I don't even expect most people to write as well as I do..  it's spelled right, and grammatically correct
You tell Fred: and each desc is at least 4 lines as well..  which is one I have to beat into most people's heads..  the code is better than most first attempts by far..  descs he can work on..  no one reads them anyway, unless they're purposely looking..
(//Fred//): nod and it's a first area.
You tell Fred: I feel so bad that she's doing this..  they were on gossip being truly mean..
