The note is titled 'Stories(Raphael, Jul 26)':

Since we don't have edit functions in the Book of Stories yet, please
discuss your story with a GC _before_
posting them.  If possible, mail them a copy to their email (mine is in
note 5).  As Reflex has stated before, stories are the ultimate expression
of a bard, expect to be judged to a higher standard
than you were for your poem and song.  With luck, this will save you time
and possible frustration.  Most important, it ought to improve the

The note is titled 'Stories FAQ(Raphael, Sep 12)':

A lot has already been written on how important the story is in the life of a Bard
I won't repeat it all here, but I would tell you to read it all twice.  Here are a few things that make a good story:

Stories have a beginning, a middle, and an end.  Since space is a little tight here, these might be as short as a paragraph or two each, but they are important since a story should be a complete work.  Dropping a hero into an encounter with an Ogre without telling the reader who the hero is or why he's fighting the Ogre isn't really a story, it's a narrative.

So what's a narrative?
A narrative is pretty much what it sounds like, so give a description of events, generally in some sort of chronological order.  What separates a narrative from a story is a story has tramatic tension and characters (as opposed to actors, or people who wander through narrative accounts).

So using the 3-section guideline for stories, we can think of them like this:
Section 1:  Who's the main character?  What is the source of conflict (no conflict equals no drama--ever read a book in which everything always works out?).  How does the main character feel about the conflict?

Section 2: The character confronts the conflict (or doesn't, which might itself spawn a new conflict).  For a lot of our stories this will be the "fight scene," but that's not a rule.  Feel free to get creative with how you use conflict in your story.

Section 3: Resolution/Aftermath.  Did the character win?  What did it mean?  Was it a lasting victory or simply a small one?  Was any sort of internal struggle resolved (did killing his evil half-brother actually avenge the death of his fiance)?

As a final note, another story archetype (that'
*cough*
As a final note, another story archetype, that's not really a story, is the ode.  An ode is basically writing about how great person X is and all the cool things they've done.  This is great, and it's something Bards should do a lot of, but it's not a story.  There's no tension, there's no plot that's advanced as it progresses, and it doesn't transport the reader in any way (except to awe them I suppose).
quality of the final product, which is what we are all shooting for.
