Plans for the evil circus 6/1/02.

3 Ring Circus like crazier Circ de sole (sp)

Entrance   -   Side tent second ring. Tear in tent to enter,3 rooms
               Center Big Ring. Main entrance.5 rooms
               Side tent third ring. 3 rooms.
               Outside. 2 rooms
Monsters:

    Ring Master - Big mob, Whip of Thorns...Talking mob
    Beast Keeper - chair, whip, stun wand.
           Oliphant - primitive mastadon thingy , tusks to sell
           Smilidon - sabertoothed tiger, hide and fangs to sell
           D-raptor - spiny raptor, does wound poison obj
    Aboth - avenger, has slain an evil performer and has its wep,
                  good guy, Blade of Virtue, Spear of Sin -
                  weapon with fire specials that improves evil in 
                  wielder. Corpse of Siguel the Scourge

    Shiv - Vampire Clown - 
    Koth - Ghoul Mime - Performers with nasty attacks, crazy mean
    Blade acrobats - bonuses to AC while dodging around. Carry daggers
    Hell hounds - guard main entrance to main tent    
    Barker - Illithid at the tent door promoting the show with a mix 
                  of telepathy and speaking.
    Tusk - the troll cannonball. He can fire himself out of the cannon.
                  has smokepowder flask needed to prime the cannon...
                  Cannon can be used to randomly fire players to another 
                  point in my area. Improved chance for using more powder 
                  but also take more damage

                  Cannon - move_player() switch(random(5)) rooms
                           Dark keep, Forest Vale, Circus Entrance,
                           Blue midget, Nirvana road . 
                           heal_other(-50+charge)
                           charge increase probability of getting to 
                           the Dark Keep.

Make a moving object that will simulate the roving of the circus check with 
Maledicta and Vertebraker about having several places it can pop up.
          One spot in forest :
          On the continent.
          At green ;)
          In southern forest.
          Beck's park
