Notes/Corrections
Fred's South Park area
by Feldegast

r1.c

  Don't forget to change the exit to the south to the location of your
castle, and you need to modify your castle so that it can be used as
an entrance to your area.  I will need to see this done before I can
approve your area.

r3.c

  In the description for "school", change "redish" to "reddish".
  In the description for "gym", you repeated "to".

r4.c

  Is the meter maid parked illegally, or is the car?
  In the "maid" description, change "writting" to "writing".
  There is no r5.  You might want to add r5, or you can just connect
  it up to r6.

r6.c

  "...and it is hard to see off the glare of the windows on the houses."
  should perhaps be,
  "...and it is hard to see because of the glare from the windows on
all the houses."
  Change "lays" to "lies".
  Don't forget to fix the exit to r5 here.

r7.c

  In the description for "wall", you omitted the word "wall".
kenny.c

  Change "get" to "gets".
  The value of the hood plus his money is 700 coins.  His level only
allows him to have 400 coins worth of loot total.  A weight of 2 seems
excessive for the orange hood(which appears orange, btw).

r8.c

  Change "enrire" to "entire".

cartman.c

  Change his alias to "eric".
  In his attack emote, is "Authorita" part of his accent, or is it a
typo?
  You can't have a 900 coin heal on a 350 coin monster.   

mkitty.c

  You can get rid of the variable 'microphone' at the top.  You can't
give a cat coins, unless the cat has been eating them...I suggest 
coding up a collar or something that's worth 100 coins.  Maybe even a
cat dish.

r9.c

  In the description for "pictures", you need to break that up into
two sentences.
  In the description for "window", "The windows are very clean and you
can see outside."  Oh...This is purely optional, but I could show you
how to set this up so that you could literally look outside when you
look at the window.  It might be something cool to do, if you want to.

stan.c

  Get rid of the variable hood.

r10.c

  Change "signing" to "singing".

r11.c

  In the description for "fireplace", you repeated "a" twice.

kyle.c

  Remove the variable 'hood'.

r13.c

  In the description for "bar", "South Park's only...".

ned.c

  You forgot to set his ac.

sgun.c

  In the attack emote, change "aimes" to "aims".
  In general, I think you did a good job on this weapon(except for your
spacing).  You might want to jack the wc up to 16 on it.

r15.c

  In the description for "case", "school's".

r16.c

  You forgot the period on the first sentence.  A poster hangs from
the one wall?  There's only one wall?

chef.c

  He can't have 600 coins and a 300 coin microphone.  The microphone
needs to have weight.

r17.c

  You repeated the word "on".
  In the description for "chalkboard", break that up into two 
sentences.
  In the description for "window", shouldn't it be "...you can see the
parking lot outside."?

mrg.c

  Change "boys" to "boys'".  Break up the second sentence between the
words "mean" and "His".
  In the attack chat, change "crys" to "cries".
  Mr. Hat is worth 200, so you should lower Mr. Garrison's coins to 
400 coins so the total will be 600.

bbrady.c

  I'm guessing that this monster is in the missing room r5, since I
didn't see him anywhere else.
  You need to lower his coins to 500 because of the badge.


Summation:

  You did a good job on this area.  Not only was it quickly done, but
there were relatively few typos, and I probably wouldn't've noticed
them if I weren't looking so closely.  Although I am not thrilled 
about the theme, I suspect other people will enjoy it more and newbies
to midlevels will enjoy fighting here.  Your area is not very flashy,
but it is not difficult to navigate and all of the monsters are unique,
and most of them have unique items on them.  This is a very good job
for a first effort, but I hope you choose to stretch your coding
muscles a little more if you plan on making another area.
  When you have finished correcting everything on this list, I will be
glad to ask Boltar to make your castle autoload so your area can open
and promote you to level 30.

