

		(_____Elementalists_____)
	
		
               History of the Elementalists
		
				
 Khnum searched through the world, gathering people with pure hearts
that would help defend the world from any intruders. Finally, he
had picked out four people with the purest of hearts to defend the
broken world. Aatami, Aeolos, Adroushan, and Glyndwr were the four
that were going to be in charge of defending the world. Khnum
gifted each of them the power of a Element. Aatami was granted the
power of the Earth. Aeolos was granted the power over the Air.
Adroushan was granted the power over Fire. Last, Glyndwr was granted
the power of the water. Together, the Four Elements were an unstoppable
force that could defeat anything. Khnum took a bow and left the planet.

 Later down the time line, the creatures did come back. The Four
Elements combined their strengths together and defeated the creatures
of the mist for the final time. However, the long term affects of
the creations that the creatures made were becoming a bit of a hassle.
The Cyberninjas, Vampires, Bards, Knights Templar, etc. were beginning
to argue with each other. Soon, a war broke out between the different
creations and the Four Elements were confused. The Four Elements
had to sit back and watch the war since they were not sure who to
protect and who to destroy. Soon, the population of the world sat
down and deliberated who the real enemy was. Why would the Elements
sit back and watch them destroy each other? They all agreed that
the Four Elements who were supposed to protect them had become
tainted by the mist. The citizens then launched a massive attack on
the Four Elementals to destroy them once and for all!

 The Four Elementals fought hard and with determination that they
would not harm the ones they were supposed to protect. However,
Adroushan, had finally lost his temper and released upon the world
a fire that destroyed an entire forest. In fear, the population
retreated and decided to leave the Four Elements alone.....

                     elehelp history3
		(_____Elementalists_____)

