
****MAGE GUILD NEWS****

    Here are my current thoughts, and aways are subject to
change.  My thoughts on spells and guild advancment are as
follow:  first they are given a ball of light spell to play
with and to practice with.  The ball of light will be bounce
able, jugglable, just about anything about.  Basically just
a neat atmospheric thing.  Perhaps when you try to cast it
it fails a lot in unusual ways.  Mainly it is to get them
use to what being a mage is and a way to earn their first
spell.  After that it is pretty useless except for a neat
toy.  I'd like to not give spells an exp cost because it 
seems silly to me.  I think that the practice points should
be enough of a cost because they make the player use the 
guild to advance in the guild.  And since players cant
see these its gives them a little wonder as to how they
learn.  It also limits players with a lot of extra exp
just entering and maxing the guild.  If the spells are level
based (by that i mean how affective is the spell based on
their level, not whether they can cast it if they are a 
certain level or not) that addes in an exp cost by making
death a far worse penalty.  If you REALLY want to add in
a "token" cost, a coin cost for training might work.  After
that where they find who teachs what spells and how they 
find them is totaly open.  Lots of room to play with that.
Guild exp could also be added when they learn a spell by
converting their practice to guild exp.
    On the note of the tower: I got really excited when
I saw some of the things you were thinking for it.  A
lot of it is exactally what I want and was thinking.
Like I said before I like the magical aspects of it,
but I wouldn't want to waste all of that creativity
and have the players not see it.  I did just have an 
idea for the rooms.  Perhaps putting them in one
of the tower slots and when the player enters that
room for the stairway it turns into a never ending
hall way with all the rooms to the north and south.
Perhaps you even have to remember how many times you
have to go down the hallway to find your room and 
its always in the same spot.  that way you might
be able to go visit other ppls rooms and knock on
the doors or even enter them.  Who knows.  Though
the more I think about this idea the more I like it.
Some thoughts on the library.  Id like to make it very
useful where you can research monsters to get info
on what level they are how strong their long desc ect.
research players to get their 'history' height weight
last time seen.  A place to read up on the guild
and its lore and help files.  Also to read player
written books.  And your right a new book needs
to be developed.  At the top of the tower a place
to look down upon players.  Perhaps even an telescope
so that a player could see the actions of what was 
happening in another room as if they were actually
their.  Other than that I cant really think of anything
We already went over the stairs a bit.  I'd just really
like to emphasize the feeling of really being there.
And where the room descripts give that feeling and the 
emotes etc.  
    I also had this idea to give all the male wizards
beards in their extra_look descripts so as they age in
the guild their beard gets longer and longer eventually
getting to something like:
Wocket has a long white beard that trail 10 feet behind him.
    Since the armor code works now wizards can now wear any
armor that isnt of the standard ac type with out having that
affect their ac.  And since noone uses other type we have free
market to add those type such as type "hat" :) i would like
to mark all spell armors with type spell_<spell> ie.
spell_frog_curse or spell_stoneskin are the ones I've made
so far.
Okay I think ive spewed enough ideas and comments for one night
I REALLY REALLY liked what you did with the tower so far.   

some ideas on placement
  level 8  -  observational deck
  level 7  -
  level 6  -  
  level 5  -  library
  level 4  -  
  level 3  -  guildrooms               
  level 2  -  
  level 1  -  enterance/shop


