PK

Good: increases interaction between players, makes the game more
      exciting, provides more challenging opponents
Bad:  pisses people off, possibility for abuse by strong of weak,
      annoys people who don't want to fight anything that thinks

Suggestion: 
PK on Nirvana should always be kept optional. We can mitigate the negative effects however, while emphasizing the positive. Perhaps PK deaths could have less of an exp loss. There should be PK guilds so that pkrs have an outlet and opposition (so they don't have to try to piss off the non-pkrs). 

ROLE-PLAYING

I see this as something to be encouraged. Guilds should enforce role-playing, and remove players who do not want to role-play the guild, since it detracts from the enjoyment of everyone else in the guild who wants to role play. At the same time, there should be guilds without strict role-playing guidelines, such as polymorph and dervish, to give players options. There is a need for a 'chit-chat' guild, for the players whose main focus is to talk online (bard guild was a great example). Another guild type is dark mages. In this guild players take an active choice in their own restriction, and must role-play that.

The main point is that joining a guild is joining a group of people who want to play a certain way. Each player in the guild does not have a 'right' to ruin the atmosphere for the other players by not role-playing. A player who does not want to role-play a role-playing guild should not be in the guild in the first place, and should be removed.

With this in mind, all players should have a choice to role-play or not. There are already guilds without strict playing guidelines, there is also the no guild option. A few more guilds, with different types of role-playing emphases, would help give players the option to play how they want to play.

PARTYING

Partying enhances the social aspect of the mud and should allow players to go where one person alone could not. Right now, we have a single player mindset in monster and area creation. While players should still be able to kill monsters, gain exp, and gain coins alone, there should be areas where they should not be able to fight successfully without a party.

If the party object allowed for formations, it would increase the effectiveness and player enjoyment of parties. Would also allow for specialty guilds (mages and healers in the back row, fighters in the front, perhaps archers could be a part).
