Creation
The creation process should be more of a process, where your choices count toward how your character is going to live on Nirvana.

  Alignment
The first choice should be how you want your character to live, good or evil. Could have variations.
Suggest going with a 20 scale, rather than 4000 scale. i.e. Maximum good is 10, maximum evil is -10. guess that's 21 total
**During play**
Changing alignment should be difficult. This means no potions, and only special events could change it. Good would be more difficult to maintain than evil, as good killing good could change alignment, but evil killing evil would not. Perhaps tasks or miniquests. Wizzes could code with alignment-modification as a reward. Limit modification to 1, or a maximum of 2 for something really nasty.

  Race
The players would get detailed documentation in the login process to determine what race they will choose.
RACE CANNOT BE CHANGED
Suggest making up a standard set of races, perhaps 20 or so.
Race would modify possible sex and stats characteristics.

  Sex
Yes, please.
Male, female, androgynous, multi, asexual... possibilities depending on race (perhaps one race is all multi, or another only female)

  Base Stats
Do we want to stick to what we have now? Or should we switch over to "strength", "dexterity", "constitution", "charisma" etc?
Guilds should depend on stats, not modify them.
Different races would have different minimum and maximum stats.
Perhaps player could allocate a set number of points to stats during the creation process.
It should be very difficult, if not impossible to change stats. Or, there could be a steep curve (e.g. raising strength from 5 to 6 would be easy, but from 15 to 16 would be very hard).

Play Section 1
  Death
What happens when we die? Instead of turning into a ghost at the point of death, perhaps the player could be whisked away into a limbo area, and given different resurrection choices. This would give high level healers a use.
The current proportion of exp lost should be examined. Perhaps a maximum of 1 million exp lost on a death, to keep high level players playing.

  Experience
This should be coordinated closely with the monster group in terms of monster exp.
Different guilds should be allowed to gain exp in different ways, as they are now in healers.
Should we change the level scale? Go up to 100? Add extralevels?
Maximum player power should be kept carefully in line with monster power.

Play Section 2
  Heals
Heals are out of hand right now. Just about any player can kill just about any monster, due to almost unlimited carrying power and supply of heals.
With a comprehensive change of the mud, perhaps players can accept a change in heals.
Large-scale healing should be confined to magical items. Eating food is not likely to heal, except over time. Eating food and drinking beverages could work similarly to alcohol, in that healing rate goes up, but combat effectiveness goes down when stuffed or soaked.
There should be a large capacity for healing guilds.

  Money
This is another section with close ties to the monster group.
We should make a standard cost matrix for general items, based on craftsmanship and materials. A simple bronze dagger should not be worth more than a steel longsword, if only because of the metal value.
Magical items should be specified as such, and worth more than they would otherwise be. Still, a gold staff of striking would be worth more than a wooden staff of striking, given the same amount of magic.


Play Section 3
  Guilds
Need more guilds.
Guilds should depend more on stats.

  Spells
Should allow option for damage types (and corresponding resistances)
Could have races with innate resistances
Most spells should have casting times
Should remove damage cap restrictions (restrict at approval) to allow for good spells outside of heal_self
Restrict teleportation and calm spells by theme. (i.e. cybers should not have a calm spell)

