GUILD ONLY- THE INNER GUILD ABILITIES:
     These abilities are mainly for use to facilitate role-play and the
mechanics of the guild.  The are gained not through guild level but by
the accumulated graft of the mobster.

Godfather
     make:  Makes a mobster.  To attack a made man in any family is
to invite a contract from the Godfather.  Made men who cause trouble
are usually Retired to a boat near some tropical island...
     If we 'Make' only a very few chosen and respected ppl (only enough
so that half the Dons on the block are made) it should provide enough
revolving power to give most everyone interested a try at being the
Don of a crime family.

     retire:  Retires a mobster.  This should cancel most of the members
guild abilities.  This should rarely be used, it is a diciplinary measure
mostly but also a means of cleaning up if someone goes inactive. Retired
mobsters should not count toword the family's total membership.
     unretire:  Can only be done if the family has enough room at the
required position. 
>> Not sure if we should have this.  Originaly I thought no but the
>> only other way to rejoin the family again would be to leave it.  I
>> would think leaving the family would cost you all your graft, like dying.
     assign: Used to assign a crime boss a territory.
Don
     account: Shows the Boss an accounting of the families graft.
     contract: Offers a specific amount of graft for the death of a target.

Lieutenant
     plate/meal: Puts a plate on the table for any family member.
            The plate will cost a specific amount of graft (from the
            Don's pool) and consist of one dose of each type heal.
            see -Resturantes- for info on table manners :)
     feast: Fills a table at the family resturant full of food/drink :)
            Same as plate but puts 6? of each type on the table.
hitman
     ice: puts a mobster 'on ice' preventing him/her from using most
          guild powers.  It is cheaper to put a mobster on ice who is in
          the same family.
     contracts: Shows a list of current open contracts.
     trophy: takes a body part from the victem's corpse as a trophy.  This
          is not just proof of a kill but also a tool to inspire fear.  Trophys
          may be put on display in the godfather's/don's resturante.

