LEVELS- THE GUILD HIERARCHY
     Success in the Mob is measured in two parts, the common guild
level and the inner organizational 'title'.
     Guild levels are raised through the trade of graft and exp while
the mobsters title is is determined by a graft payment, availability
and the word of the Godfather/Don/Leiutenant respectively.
     Example guild levels are: Bullie, Thug, Muscle, Racketeer, Mobster,
Wiseguy.
     The titles are: Guild wizard, Godfather, Don (Territorial Crime Boss),
Leiutenant, Hit-Man, Soldier.
     There are also two special designations: Made, and Retired.
To attack a 'made' man in any family is to invite a contract from the
Godfather.  Made men who cause trouble are usually Retired to a boat
near some tropical island...
** I definitely agree with all of this.  I think this is what will really give the
** guild style and make players want to be a part of it.

     It would seem that we have different ideas about many things...
We both seem interested in pk though :)  The way this is set up
will require some activity by the wizards responsible acting as the
godfather to accept/promote others into the Don position and to
sell the rights to specific territories. (Automation may be possible)

** At first, we (wizards) would probably have to act as godfathers, but I
** don't see why this couldn't become a players' role as the guild progresses.

Normally, i'd agree.  Maybe we can even find a way to do it but for the
moment i'll tell you why i thought a wizard godfather would be best.
Players tend to group together in clique type groups fairly naturaly and
i think we should avoid the godfather who 'makes' his friends just because
they are friends.  Soon we will have a bunch of made don's who are all one
group of friends.  I would rather have the friends become members of the
same family so that there will always be a continual power struggle.
Basicly, i'm not willing (as yet) to trust a player to play the part
appropriatly.
   pros-  Less continued responsibility for the wizards.
          Less hassles from players about power tripping wizards.
All told though a better outline of the godfathers responsibilities
would really help decide how to work it.

