Hey dude,
No need to be upset about the fetching issue.
It is a learning process about what to do as a wiz.
Also I am sure you have seen some poor examples in the 
past of wizards doing things there really not suppose
to be doing or giving out info that they shouldn't.
As a Wizard/Developer/Coder/Admin or what ever
we are here to create a fun place for players to
fight, explore, chat, role play, or simply idle
with out interference from wizards.  Wizards in
general should not tell player characters(PC'S)
where to find mobs, objects, places, rooms, areas
how to complete quest, or anything else I missed.
We are here to help with bug, mud issues where
something is not working right, harassment issues,
cheating, creation, and anything else that pops up.
That is what wizards are suppose to do. Now in 
my opinion sometime wizards do things they should
not, like give players eq back when they dropped
items in a room that clears the room when they leave
and come back and expect it to still be there 
when they return like ooze. That is an example
of what should not be done. If it is player error
and not a bug they should not be reimbursed for
there mistake or ignorance.  Not being harsh
just they way it is set up, it also takes the
challenge and fun out of it if you know the
answer and don't have to work a little for it.
Anything you ever do with a play make sure
you type wlog <message> so we know you are
trying to help and not cheat, you did the right
thing by putting it on wiz channel but also
add it to wlog.  If you want to help players,
do it with one of your PC's. If they are all
known as mean and you want to be helpful in that
way then consider making a new PC's and tell no
one who he is.   Also know that every time
a wiz drops any item and any player picks
it up admin is notified at that time and it is
recorded in logs that admin reviews.  well this
looks like a book now, I am out but any question
always ask. And many time I am idle but in and out
through the day.  I may not be a the
keyboard but will answer when I am back
on. I live on a farm so lots to do but come
in and out of the house frequently.
       Angel!  :)
**
fred, boltar