On your first area...

I will start by pointing out that these are recommended guidelines for planning, setting up, coding and maintaining your area both initially and later on as a whole. It is much easier for you to organize things from the beginning than to go back and try to rearrange things that rely on a certain directory structure later. [The voice of experience, as I have screwed this up before.]

Also, you may receive different or slightly altered instructions from your particular mentor/sponsor and I encourage you to adhere to them, as they will be deciding when and if your new area is approved and enters the realm of Nirvana.

Main Thoughts:
  1). The best project to start on is probably not the 150 room, lvl
  	19+35, uber-quest. Unless you have extensive LPC coding skills and
  	have experience working with Nirvana's mudlib, something slightly
  	smaller will better serve to get you introduced to the mud as a
  	whole and into a rhythm for later coding.

  2). A structured and planned directory structure can help keep your
  	code from growing unmanageable and easier for other coders to
  	evaluate, critic and otherwise help you with. As a suggestion, it
  	is good to keep like file types together and divide them along
  	usage lines [rooms in one directory, items in another, monsters in
  	a third etc]. Something like the following:

          P L A Y E R   R O O T  D I R E C T O R Y

   area/       closed/    log/    doc/   temp/
       room
       obj
       item
       armor

  3). You may find it easier to layout your area on paper first or in
  	a drawing program to help keep the directions and connectivity of
  	your area in place. Coders in the past have used everything from
  	graph paper to Excel to keep their designs in.

  4). As you begin to work on the rooms [and perhaps the monsters
  	therein] consider typing the descriptions up in a Word or
  	OpenOffice document and using the spell and grammar
  	checks/helpers. A suprisingly large number of initial coders'
  	areas have a LOT of missed typos. It's easier to catch them up
  	front in something like Word than to have to go back and edit a
  	bunch of files when your mentor/sponsor goes through it to approve
  	it. It will also make you at least APPEAR much, much smarter than
  	everyone else if you don't have to make a bunch of typo repairs to
  	your files.

  5). Prepare your area with the overall theme, idea and purpose of
  	your area. It is pointless to just create a killing zone with
  	oodles of mobs that are waiting to impale themselves upon the
  	swords of inane, insipid and ineffective players. Ask yourself
  	what is the overall purpose of the area? How does it fit with
  	things that will be coded later? Does it present a good image of
  	Nirvana?

  6). Consider including a small mini-quest [no points] or puzzle to
  	solve that generates interest in visiting the area. Just having
  	monsters to kill and powerful weapons to grab, coins to pick up
  	and experience to gain is not the types of areas that will remain
  	popular.