

Having A Bad Day?

For all of you who occasionally have a really bad day when you just need
to take it out on someone!!!! Don't take that bad day out on someone you
know, take it out on someone you DON'T know!!!

Now get this. I was sitting at my desk, when I remembered a phone call I
had to make. I found the number and dialed it. A man answered nicely
saying, "Hello?"

I politely said, "This is Patrick Hanifin and could I please speak to
Robin Carter?"

Suddenly the phone was slammed down on me! I couldn't believe that
anyone could be that rude. I tracked down Robin's correct number and
called her. She had transposed the last two digits incorrectly.

After I hung up with Robin, I spotted the wrong number still lying there
on my desk. I decided to call it again. When the same person once more
answered, I yelled "You're a jackass!" and hung up.

Next to his phone number I wrote the word "jackass," and put it in my
desk drawer. Every couple of weeks, when I was paying bills, or had a
really bad day, I'd call him up. He'd answer, and I'd yell, "You're a
jackass!" It would always cheer me up.

Later in the year the phone company introduced caller ID. This was a
real disappointment to for me, I would have to stop calling the jackass.

Then one day I had an idea. I dialed his number, then heard his voice,
"Hello."

I made up a name. "Hi. This is the sales office of the telephone company
and I'm just calling to see if you're familiar with our caller ID
program?"

He went, "No!" and slammed the phone down. I quickly called him back and
said, "That's because you're a jackass!"

The reason I took the time to tell you this story is to show you how if
there's ever anything really bothering you, you can do something about
it. just dial 823-4863.

(keep reading, it gets better)

An old lady at the mall took her time pulling out of the parking space.
I didn't think she was ever going to leave.

Finally, her car began to move and she started to slowly back out of the
slot.

I backed up a little more to give her plenty of room to pull out. Great,
I thought, she's finally leaving. All of a sudden this black Camaro
comes flying up the parking isle in the wrong direction and pulls into
her space.

I started honking my horn and yelling, "You can't just do that, Buddy. I
was here first!"

The guy climbed out of his Camaro completely ignoring me. He walked
toward the mall as if he didn't even hear me.

I thought to myself, this guy's a jackass, there are sure a lot of
jackasses in this world. I noticed he had a "For Sale" sign in the back
window of his car. I wrote down the number. Then I hunted for another
place to park.

A couple of days later, I'm at home sitting at my desk. I had just
gotten off the phone after calling 823-4863 and yelling' "You're a
jackass!" (it's really easy to call him now since I have his number on
speed dial.)

I noticed the phone number of the guy with the black Camaro lying on my
desk and thought I'd better call this guy too.

After a couple of rings someone answered the phone and said, "Hello."
I said, "Is this the man with the black Camaro for sale?"

"Yes, it is."

"Can you tell me where I can see it?"

"Yes, I live at 1802 West 34th Street. It's a yellow house and the car's
parked right out front."

I said, "What's your name?"

"My name is Don Hansen."

"When's a good time to catch you, Don?"

"I'm home in the evenings."

"Listen Don, can I tell you something?"

"Yes?"

"Don, you're a jackass!" And I slammed the phone down.

After I hung up I added Don Hansen's phone number to my speed dialer.
For a while things seemed to be getting better for me. Now when I had a
problem I had two jackasses and hanging up on them, it just wasn't as
enjoyable as it used to be.

I gave the problem some serious thought and came up with a solution:

First, I had my phone dial Jackass #1. A man answered nicely saying,
"Hello."

I yelled "You're a jackass!", but I didn't hang up.

The jackass said, "Are you still there?"

I said "Yeah."

He said, "Stop calling me."

I said, "No."

He said, "What's your name, Pal?"

I said' "Don Hansen."

He said, "Where do you live?"

"1802 West 34th Street. It's a yellow house and my black Camaro's parked
out front."

"I'm coming over right now, Don. You'd better start saying your
prayers."

"Yeah, like I'm really scared, Jackass!" and I hung up. Then I called
Jackass #2.

He answered, "Hello."

I said, "Hello, Jackass!"

He said, "If I ever find out who you are...."

"You'll what?"

"I'll kick your butt."

"Well, here's your chance. I'm coming over right now Jackass!" And I
hung up.

Then I picked up the phone and called the police. I told them I was at
1802 West 34th Street and that I was going to kill my gay lover as soon
as he got home.

Another quick call to Channel 13 about the gang war going down on West
34th Street.

After that I climbed into my car and headed over to 34th Street to watch
the whole thing.

Glorious!

Watching two Jackasses kicking the crap out each other in front of 6
squad cars and a police helicopter was one of the greatest experiences
of my life!

Name withheld to protect the guilty.


