The high points of the Mizan/Hogath(Rick)/Martha(Alexa) incident

Mizan begins talking trash about Hogath on the wiz channel, regarding
comments Hogath has allegedly made about Mizan to other people.
[Note: I have no personal knowledge of these comments, and while I
was aware that Mizan felt someone was maligning him, I had no idea it
was Hogath before this time.]

The trash talking evolved into a nearly civil discussion, at the end
of which Hogath stated his intention to take what Mizan had said to
heart.

I talked to Mizan in tells about the incident afterwards... you can
see the tells he sent me starting at line 10231 of 
/players/mizan/logs/snoop/mizan

When he recommended that I snoop him, I instead snooped Rick directly,
curious as to wether he was going to do as he'd said regarding taking
Mizan's words to heart.  Both sides of said conversation are available
in Mizan's logs.

I personally was shocked by what Rick said, and somewhat bemused by
Alexa's responses, especially after Mizan made me aware that she was
Marth's character, which was not something I was aware of before then.
[I generally try to NOT keep track of multiple characters- it's too
damn much effort]

Had I known Alexa was a wizard character, I would not have initiated
the snoop- but I still would've been very tempted.  Further, I agree
with Mizan that any protestations about privacy are naieve at best,
given the medium and the playing experience of the parties involved.

I had an additional conversation with Hogath about the incident afterward-
Hogath tells me he kept a log of that conversation, but the general
upshot was that he felt angry and offended he'd been spied on and then
"ambushed" with information from that "private" conversation.  He also
felt that he'd done nothing wrong, since he was speaking to a character
belonging to a fellow wizard, and was unmoved by my position that
speaking about Mizan behind his back RIGHT AFTER SAYING HE'D STOP was
a pretty low thing to do, even when conversing with another wizard.

This conversation also ended with Hogath indicating he'd think over
what we'd talked about.

On the practice of snooping in general:

I don't like it.  Like anyone else, I'd prefer to believe that only
the people I want to hear something I say will say it.  However, I am
under no illusion that anything I do or say is guaranteed to be private-
if someone wants to eavesdrop on me badly enough they will.  In a medium
like Nirvana, when there's almost no effort involved, I simply assume
that everything I send zapping along the paths of the internet to
Nirvana might be monitored and/or saved for later review.

And snooping the actions of other people on Nirvana is occasionally
necessary, in order to catch cheaters or check for otherwise harmful
activity.

I don't actually believe that the Rick/Alexa conversation needed to be
monitored...  but I also don't believe that conversation should have
taken place at all.  If it DID have to take place, it should have taken
place over IM or otherwise off of Nirvana- If you're going to talk shit
about someone, it's probably a good idea to go farther away than the
next room, unless you want said person to overhear you.

What I learned from the whole incident:

Problems between wizards should be addressed quickly and directly, with
witnesses if need be but only if private conversation fails.  At worst,
a neutral party should be brought in to act as an arbiter.  Any needed
decompression should take place away from the mud- both as a matter of
good manners, and for the peace of the game.