... you have dreams involving two beautiful immortal women and a guy named Berlinetta 
...you walk around town wondering why the 7-11s don't carry hblasts
... you wonder why "vf" and "gohome" suddenly don't work when you get off the computer 
....you stare into a bowl of jello waiting to see the tacobans
.. you wouldn't be TOO suprised if a wolf started talking to you. 
....you see a guy with a laptop and run in fear screaming, "Shit!  A cyberninja!"
...you see a guy in bright running gear and wonder where his zord is.
.... people come in your room at 3 in the morning and see you mumbling about "19+21" 
...... and when they say "That's 40!" you reply "NOOOOOO! 19+21!!!! 
  if you've ever looked at someone and said a phrase like "Hey, look!  It's berlinetta!" 
...you're baffled about why you can't hear the thoughts of everyone around you, or from blocks away
... you don't understand why you can't just get married and have twenty children who help you beat the living shit out of people 
...you grasp a block of clay and wonder why the other 2 arms aren't comming out
... you are boggled at why you can't just Summon someone and have them appear 
...when you whisper into you ring to tell you wife to pick up milk on the way home.
....someone is about to beat you up and you reach up expecting cyberspace to give you your katana.
...you got beat up coz the bully wouldn't stop when you said 'calm'
... you wonder why you can't just spread your leathery bat wings and fly to the other side of town before you're late for work. 
...you stand at the docks for hours trying to find the 'pass' in the mist
... you walk through the woods muttering things about "damn ryos" 
...in religious discussions, you argue the points of Larn, Shardak, and Boltar.
you wonder why you can't just turn into a bat and go back to the guild hall to chill if things get too stressful 
When you're at a shop, you look across the street trying to find the advancement hall.
You can't go to the local Pizza hut anymore after you tried to kill their entire staff.
you're confused why the power rangers show haven't mentioned Skan yet.
... you've seen "Interview with the Vampire" and wonder why they didn't interview someone cool, like Magus. 
...you see Mortal Kombat: Anilation... just to point out where YOUR cyberninja would have done better.
... you watch some Anime where a shapeshifting person kills someone and say "Hey, Polys can't pk people!" 
you wonder why saying friends l doesn't show you where your classmates are
you no longer want to go into dark rooms unarmed, because you're afraid Usagi will wail on you once you get in there. 
you are utterly baffled why saying eyes doesn't make your eyes bright
you goto the beach just to be around the Sands (derv)
You walk eastward from a church ground keep saying, "No, these houses shouldn't be here!   There should be zombies!"
you learn japanese myths in hopes to finding an upper edge to mythos' areas (guilty!)
You stop understanding the practice of last names.
... you keep thinking "damn, that would make a rad pretitle" and carry around little scraps of paper to write these thoughts down on 
.... you talk to gnomes.... 
... they talk back and give you hints on quests. 
... you bribe the ranger dude at mt. saint hellens to tell you where they hide bahomet.
...and he tells you. 
....and you go looking
....and you swear you found him, but took a wrong turn and ended up at your local parish.
...you swear you saw a spuck ball in some alley
...you have a child and immediatly give it a sword
...the child wields it and follows you
... you have a child and are OK with it when your husband beats it senseless.  (kid needs training, y'know)
...you drop your kids off at the daycare at night instead of picking them up.
....you wonder why your pet dog doesn't respond to your cmd or talk.
....you think you heard it talk once.
...You smash your tv hoping it'll give you sac points.
...you go to your doctor and ask for the price of built in heat flux
...you're highly disturbed that the martial arts instructer doesn't own a zord
....you can visualize the jello area
...you get lost in a forest and you're surprised that goportal doesn't work.
...you think it must be a no portal zone and hike it out to the exit.
....you get lost in a forest and wonder why nobody wants to summon you 
... you're disturbed that having a tattoo doesn't allow you to magically communicate with others who have tattoos 
...you rub a yellow star into your ankle in hopes you can show more emotions
...your friends all have fairly descriptive names, such as Stardream, Blackstar, Reflex, Berlinetta and Dustyrose 
...when someone asks you for dirrections you give it in shorthand form (2n,4e,enter)
...When they don't understand you get frustraited and tell them to just go fight in mash
.... you often stay out of large, barren fields for fear that they might be a PK zone 
... you have a Family Shurato
...when you go out and buy a Family Shurato
...when you goto Excalibur and ask for a DeathMace
...when they custom make one for you so you'll quit asking for it.
...when you wonder why you can't summon a safe in your room 
...when you rent a hotel room just to store things
...you're not afraid of someone holding a gun because you have a glass of lemonade in your hand
...when you truly believe that a 5'2" woman could possibly wear full platemail, a cloak, a helm and handle a deathmace.  Easily. 
...you add your pretitle on your homework
...someone burns from sunlight and you're not surprised
...you see jurassic park and wonder why they just don't use sonic
...you loose a fistfight because you could've swore you were in a no pk zone
...You mistake a plane overhead for a shardak dragon
...you've ever convinced a girlfriend or a friend to play too (shame on you)
...you aren't afraid of dying because you know you can just go to church and pray. 
...you go to college just for the bandwidth
...you've ever stayed up all night just to fight after the 3am reboot, even though you have to get up at six 
...you buy a crate of gogurt coz you thought it was super goop.
...you've ever drunk a slurpee or frappuccino and thought about protein blasts 
...you cut yourself pretty deep and go to your local bar to heal it
....you wonder why people need graphics to play a game
...you see a historical documentary on Knights and wonder why they don't mention Akasha
... you wonder what's wrong with just sitting on the floor in a crypt, talking to people telepathically. 
...you put down your guild name under 'profession' on a legal form
...you don't wanna go to the beach to play in the sand, because you're kind of afraid that Fakir will beat you up.
...You wonder if can get your named legal changed to your name in the game
...you get it changed again to add your title
...people look at you strangely when you call your girlfriend by a name that isn't hers, and she's OK with that. 
...your boyfriends step brother refer to you as 'that hacker girl, with the other name.'
...your boyfriends step mother refers to you as 'Oh, the girl with the other name?'
...you wonder why if you drop something, you don't hear an "Ok." to confirm it.
...you wonder why two people, a bed, a table and a fireplace CAN'T fit into a coffin 
...but after a few tries, you find a way.
...you see your gf/bf/so on the game more often than irl
...you spend quality time together talking about what to kill later that night.
...you met your gf/bf via the game
...and he/she admits that to his/her friends
...you put a 3 piece suit in the summer because it gives you better ac than a pair of shorts and a tshirt
...you wonder why you can't set the size of your breasts 
...the idea of 'miles' has been lost to you
...you walk around and wonder why you can't find any portals
...you find out your wife had a baby from random strangers
...your reaction to a random stranger telling you your wife had a baby -- "Again?"
...you're surprised why the newspaper obits don't list WHO killed them.
... all your children do is beat people up... and you're fucking proud of them
...your kid gets in a fight, and you're only mad coz you weren't there to get the exp
...you run screaming from ANYONE named jenny
...when people are looking at you funny for cursing someone named 'mythos' in the line at the supermarket
...you ponder a road trip just to see someones area maps
...when you go to The Gap and look for chaos platemail
...When you see a nice cloak and ask the clerk the ac on it
...you are upset your best friend won't even give you 5000 gold coins
...you pondering marrying an enemy just because it'd be easier to kill them
...you find out stealing from corpses is even less acceptable irl.
...but you do it anyways
...when you smash someones pet dog just in case it can pk
...when you search food lables trying to find out how much it heals
...when you sit around constantly drunk so you'll heal faster
...when while watching godzilla you start wondering why they didn't just use sonic on him
...When you try to pass nirvana off as a job on your resume
...when you add your guild a part of your resume
...when you're surprised at the sympathy you get when you tell people someone named blackstar keeps killing all your kids
...when you're surprised at the shock from people when you say that you accidently got your friend killed last weekend
...on 4th of july you keep wondering... Oh, did someone just complete a quest?
...you lost your carkeys and keep saying 'search' as you walk around your house
...you mistake headaches for Sensitive Mind Errors


