C Y B E R N I N J A S

Operation File: recruit
Usage: cyber <topic>


   Recruiting a new CyberNinja is a very special time for
a potential guild member. It determines whether the recruit
is really CyberNinja material. Thus, all new recruits must
go through the Testing. This is described below. What is
important to understand is the selectivity of both the
recruitee and the recruiter.

   Recruiters are guild members that require special authority
to recruit new ninjas. They are among a very select group, and
are able to only recruit a limited number of times. Each new
recruit is "counseled" by the recruiter until the new recruit
has earned enough experience to master his/her martial art.
When a counseled recruit reaches mastery of his/her art, 
that recruit slot is freed up, and the counselor may begin
counseling a new recruit in place of the old one. To determine
how many recruit slots you may potentially have, see here:
   level 3-5 ---> 1 recruit slot
   level 6-8 ---> 2 recruit slots
   level 9+  ---> 3 recruit slots
However, keep in mind it is unlikely that you will obtain an
office that allows recruiting at the lower guild levels.
It is possible to uncounsel a ninja who has left the guild or
decided not to join so that your recruit slots can be made
available. However, if you uncounsel a player who is already
a guild member, you will lose honor. After all, you should
be trying to recruit players who will be successful in the
guild. That being said, your recruit slot will be freed up
to recruit more worthy ninjas.

   The Testing is a series of tasks each potential member 
must perform in order to be officially recruited... upon which
the new member is shown the Way of the CyberNinja. The tasks
are designed to introduce certain aspects of the guild while
also serving as a suite of tests that detect incompatibilities
before they occur. Testing is not easy, but it is certainly
not too complex for the true ninja to successfully pass.

    When a ninja has given task(s) to a prospective member they
will mark the person on the task display.  This reserves the
right to recruit and also allows other ninjas to see overly
aggressive people wishing to join the guild without thinking
things through.  No ninja shall recruit or give additional tasks
to a player that has been marked on the task display.  Exceptions 
to this rule can be made by a Directive or a Guild Manager.

   When a recruit joins the guild, every member currently
logged on should congratulate the new member and provide a 
token of welcome. This token is a gift from your personal
inventory. It can be coins, a heal, or whatever other item
that might be useful to have. The gift does not have to be
given immediately, but members are strongly encouraged to
perform this welcome as soon as is reasonable.

   In these ways, recruiting enhances role-playing, and 
increases the familiarity we have with our fellow members.
All for one, and one for all!

See: set_task, view_task, testing
