ITEMS

corpse.c -
  You should inherit /obj/corpse instead,
  and set a corpse_level so ppl can drain it.
 what i meant was that people couldnt drain it.

cane.c -
  Why is it unwielded every 500 hb's?  And actually
  this is unwielded every 500 seconds, not hb's.
  This seems to be just a pain more than anything.
  This isn't a real drawback, just a reason to not use
  the weapon at all.
 ok, we should further discuss this
 ok, i removed the unwield statement

  You do notify_fail() and return 1 in several functions.
  That defeats the purpose.
 ok, done

  Why does init() return 1 ?
 ok, done

  weapon_hit() is whacked.  They get an automatic 1-3 wc
  just for keeping their hp's high.  That's against the
  rules.  There MUST be a 1/3 chance, per Mythos and Boltar.
 ok, done

  Instead of in trade(str), having if(str == "cane"), do
  if(id(str)) .
 ok, done

  Add an id of "walking cane".
 ok, done

  In read(str), you need to change the last notify_fail() to
  What do you want to read?  You're not viewing anymore.
 ok, done

  View handle is awkward.  *shrug*
 hmmm, i cant use 'look at handle'  :(

  How can a blade be hidden within itself?  Is this a riddle?
  It should be, "a blade is hidden within".
 ok, done (a retractable blade)
  
  You need to add a flag when the blade is withdrawn from the
  cane, to make sure you can't withdraw it over and over again
  to keep setting the wc to 18, and set it to 0 at reset. 
  Preferably I'd rather see
  the wc added in weapon_hit() cumulatively, rather than a
  call of set_class().
 ok, done
 general comment on the cane:
 1. it has return 5, 6 or 7 (randomized) once out of 3 rounds, based on 
    player's piety.  if the piety is lower than 20, this chance decreases 
    corrispondingly;
 2. if the previous one fails, it has return 1,2,3 or 4 (randomized) once 
    out of 3 rounds, based on player's int. if the int is lower than 20, 
    this chance decreases corrispondingly.  
    (hp's also must be higher than 250);
 3. it both previous ones fail, it has return 6 for twelve consecutive minutes 
    within one hour (randomized).  The 12 minutes duration can randomly decrease
    when the root has special values and when the ctime has special values.
 4. according to my experiments, it is almost equal to the SoS and to the
    deathmace, hmmm, maybe 1-2% more powerful in plain combat. 
    It is 15-20% stronger during those 12 minutes.
 5. I guess it needs something like if(environment) in some functions: 
    we must assess this feature still, please  :)
 6. there is a small problem with the short() which i cannot set up:
    i cant let it show 'with a protracted blade' when the blade is protracted.
    i bet we can fix this easily  :)

watch.c -
  You should add an id of "golden watch".  Maybe you should
  have it actually tell the time?
 ok done, and it even does much more  :)

  "view back" is so awkward here.  Maybe 'view the back' and
  'view watch' for accepted cmds as well?
 ok, done

  The last notify_fail() in read(str) asks What do you want to
  view?  again you're not viewing, you're reading.
 ok, done

dispenser.c -

  Why is this here?
 already answered

board2.c -
 
  "How they do .."  in the long description
  makes no sense.  it should be "How they" ..
  "A mental image of yourself" should be
  "In other words, a mental image of yourself"
  to make more sense.
  "provided it is nor offensive, etc etc"
  should be "provided it is not offensive, etc etc".
 ok, done

board1.c
  "provided it is nor offensive, etc etc"
  should be "provided it is not offensive, etc etc".
 ok, done

