ITEMS

corpse.c -
  You should inherit /obj/corpse instead,
  and set a corpse_level so ppl can drain it.

cane.c -
  Why is it unwielded every 500 hb's?  And actually
  this is unwielded every 500 seconds, not hb's.
  This seems to be just a pain more than anything.
  This isn't a real drawback, just a reason to not use
  the weapon at all.

  You do notify_fail() and return 1 in several functions.
  That defeats the purpose.

  Why does init() return 1 ?

  weapon_hit() is whacked.  They get an automatic 1-3 wc
  just for keeping their hp's high.  That's against the
  rules.  There MUST be a 1/3 chance, per Mythos and Boltar.

  Instead of in trade(str), having if(str == "cane"), do
  if(id(str)) .

  Add an id of "walking cane".

  In read(str), you need to change the last notify_fail() to
  What do you want to read?  You're not viewing anymore.

  View handle is awkward.  *shrug*

  How can a blade be hidden within itself?  Is this a riddle?
  It should be, "a blade is hidden within".

  You need to add a flag when the blade is withdrawn from the
  cane, to make sure you can't withdraw it over and over again
  to keep setting the wc to 18, and set it to 0 at reset. 
  Preferably I'd rather see
  the wc added in weapon_hit() cumulatively, rather than a
  call of set_class().

watch.c -
  You should add an id of "golden watch".  Maybe you should
  have it actually tell the time?

  "view back" is so awkward here.  Maybe 'view the back' and
  'view watch' for accepted cmds as well?

  The last notify_fail() in read(str) asks What do you want to
  view?  again you're not viewing, you're reading.

dispenser.c -

  Why is this here?

board2.c -
 
  "How they do .."  in the long description
  makes no sense.  it should be "How they" ..
  "A mental image of yourself" should be
  "In other words, a mental image of yourself"
  to make more sense.
  "provided it is nor offensive, etc etc"
  should be "provided it is not offensive, etc etc".

board1.c
  "provided it is nor offensive, etc etc"
  should be "provided it is not offensive, etc etc".


