First and foremost, Thanks for your inquiry.  I think this project can be fun for everyone on the mud including the wizards involved.  Teamwork is fun and quite rewarding.   

Heres the details on the theatre:

    1.  I prefer that you code it as a true area.   Based on the movie you choose.
    2.  Minimum of 10 rooms.  I would like to see more rooms then that...but its up to you.
    3.  Once you choose your area "movie" let me know the name you choose, and what level you will be focusing on so i can put a rating on it.  Also this will assure that no one else will be taking your movie.  
    4.  I would like the opportunity to check out the area before putting the link in for the theatre.  
    5.  Although there are no deadlines, i am looking for a couple of areas to link up in the next couple of weeks.  The theatre will be located in my city in the clouds, which i hope to open in the next couple of weeks.  
    6.  Try and pick a movie that goes along with the rating that will be placed.  Here is a guideline for the ratings: 
        G=General audiance = levels 1-8
        PG=Parental guidence = levels 8-13
        R = Restricted = levels 14-19
        XXX = Adults only = 19 Plus levels only.
        In other words, if your coding the wizard of oz....we wouldnt want it to be XXX.  laff...
     7. The area will remain in your directory and your property.  Your name will be on the marquet showing you as the director of it.
     8.  The player will enter the theatre, choose a movie to go to .. and actually enter your area.  So your first room should be coded accordingly.  I suggest you work the area as close as you can to the way the movie is in rl.  In other words Dorothy and todoo wouldnt be in the castle of oz in the first room you enter. 
     9.  This will be a rocking place for the players.  I have not set any kind of limit on how many movies we will show.  So the possibilities are open.  :)

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions lemme know!  And thanks for your participation.  I have put you down for the movie :  Sphere.  What was the original rating of the movie in the theatre?  Let me know if you are still interested after reading this and ill go ahead and put the code in to include it when your ready  :)

Dreamspeakr


