Boardwalk Area - 

Scuba Diving shop -
- rent scuba gear, extra air tanks, diving suits, gloves, flippers, 
masks, weight belt, harpoon gun, fish net, mesh bag (and anything else
I can possibly think of later) people must use scuba gear if they 
intend to go out into the mid - high level areas, air tanks will have 
a limited amount of time they can be used, then the person must 
surface and swim for the shore, otherwise they will die.  

Tourist shop/General store - 
-place where people can barter some items, such as shark teeth and 
other random items they might receive through killing sea life.  
There may also be items that can be found on the sea floor that can 
be bartered in the stores.   Can buy hats, sunscreen (wanna see about 
making this some type of armor, if at all possible, could decay over 
time.)  Shovel and pail - shovel can be used to dig up items found w/ 
metal detector, pail can be used as a small bag for newbie area 

Snack Vendor - 
-place to get heals, like a pub - hot dogs, chips, soda, beer, juice, 
etc.
(Possibly combine the two shops)
Sea food vendor - 
-will sell some heals like sushi, kelp, oysters - perhaps squid ink 
for soak, clam chowder? Varying sizes of fish would yield different 
prices - even same type of  fish would yield different price for 
heavier weight (if this is possible for me to code).  Can turn the 
fish meat you bring him into heals for a minimal price.

Jewelry shop - 
-will sell amulets, barter for pearls and gems found in the ocean 
via lost treasure, will also barter for jewelry that is found in the 
ocean (lost treasure again)



Ocean area - 

Sea shore - newbie level
- can use the metal detector to find treasures of various types 
(some garbage too)
- crabs, sea gulls, jelly fish (that wash up), other types of shore 
life 
- some seagulls may steal from you at times while you fight them, 
particularly if you’re carrying food heals
- crabs can be bartered for money or made into heals i.e. crab meat 
or crab cakes
- jelly fish will sting and deliver a small amount of poison damage 
randomly (will need some type of anti-poison cream, found at general 
shop probably)

Surf - newbie/low levels
-small fish, jelly fish, other kinds (will research more on types of 
animal life living in shallow ocean waters)

Slightly deeper water -low -mid level
- fish, varying types of plant life on the bottom of the sea, bottom 
dwelling fish, occasional shark, or dangerous sea life.

Deeper water - mid to high level 
- medium to large fish, some small sharks and less dangerous types of 
aquatic life (some finding nemo stuff maybe?)

Deep water - high level
- dangerous animals as well as a few less dangerous types of aquatic 
life that intermingle, sharks, eels, whales, etc. (possibly mermaids?) 
(Maybe even a little mermaid area)

Very deep water - high to very high levels
-  will require a submarine to get to possibly-  bizarre aquatic life,
rare creatures, very difficult and deadly beasts - lochness monster 
type of beasts as well as those odd creatures found in the deep sea, 
as it is.

Distributed throughout the ocean floor there will be lost treasure, 
some ship wrecks (possibly haunted ships) where treasure can be found 
- more on this later

Extra ideas - possibly make pets for the area, trainable dolphins that 
you can ride, and will help you fight - similar to wocket pets for xp 
needed to train - possibly make it so that they can travel to specific 
mobs or rooms very quickly w/out giving the dirs (so long as you’ve 
been there before - possibly train them to remembermobs or something?)
