Boardwalk Area - 

Scuba Diving shop -
- rent scuba gear, extra air tanks, diving suits, gloves, flippers, 
masks, weight belt, harpoon gun, fish net, mesh bag (and anything 
else I can possibly think of later) people must use scuba gear if 
they intend to go out into the mid - high level areas, air tanks 
will have a limited amount of time they can be used, then the 
person must surface and swim for the shore, otherwise they will die 
(probably will open later when higher level areas arrive)

Tourist shop/General store - 
-place where people can barter some items, such as shark teeth and 
other random items they might receive through killing sea life.  
There may also be items that can be found on the sea floor that can 
be bartered in the stores.   Can buy hats, t-shirts, bathing suits, 
flip-flops, shell rings and necklaces, sunglasses, sunscreen (wanna 
see about making this some type of armor, if at all possible, could 
decay over time.)  Shovel and pail - shovel can be used to dig up 
items found w/ metal detector, pail can be used as a small bag for 
newbie area 

Snack Vendor - 
-place to get heals, like a pub - hot dogs, chips, soda, beer, juice,
 etc.
(Possibly combine the two shops)
Sea food vendor - 
-will sell some heals like sushi, kelp, oysters - perhaps squid ink 
for soak, clam chowder? Varying sizes of fish would yield different 
prices - even same type of  fish would yield different price for 
heavier weight (if this is possible for me to code).  Can turn the 
fish meat you bring him into heals for a minimal price.

Jewelry shop - 
-will sell amulets, barter for pearls and gems found in the ocean via 
lost treasure, will also barter for jewelry that is found in the ocean 
(lost treasure again)

Boat shop - will sell fishing poles, various types of bait, fishing 
lines, hooks, etc.  rent boats (later), fishing nets

First Aid Stop - band-aids, healing creams, bandages, sting creams 
(for jellyfish poisons)

Pier area - place for fishing, can fish off the dock, or (later) rent 
a boat to fish with

-idea for fishing - you can buy a fishing pole and bait, (will have 
different types of bait, some will have better probability of catching 
something maybe?) Random chance of catching a fish, better chance if 
you are in a boat instead of off the pier.  Will need to wield fishing 
pole.  Fishing line will break after enough casts - must buy new line 
occasionally - will need to re-bait the hook frequently -  can barter 
the fish you get for either heals or coins from seafood vendor.  
Random chance of picking up garbage off the ocean floor, very rarely, 
may find a piece of treasure that can be bartered.  

Boardwalk area - will have people walking around (wandering?), 
occasional seagulls scavenging for food (also wandering mobs) - 
seagulls wander frequently towards snack vendor shop and seafood 
shop

Beach area - People walking around, playing volleyball and frisbee, 
some may wander, others stay in same place.  Occasional seagulls 
wandering around the area, a few will not wander - will be close to 
areas where people are stationary.  Lifeguards on duty.  

Shore area - Occasional people (wandering from other areas to the 
shore), joggers and people walking on the shoreline, Seagulls 
wandering, crabs (wandering the shore and surf area), few jellyfish, 
washed up on shore.  A few other types of shore life that I will find 
as well.  Children playing in the sand (can take their pail and shovel 
for small bag and shovel to dig for treasure - used w/ the metal 
detector)
Sea shore - newbie level
- can use the metal detector to find treasures of various types (some 
garbage too)
- crabs, sea gulls, jelly fish (that wash up), other types of shore 
life 
- some seagulls may steal from you at times while you fight them, 
particularly if you’re carrying food heals
- crabs can be bartered for money or made into heals i.e. crab meat 
or crab cakes
- jelly fish will sting and deliver a small amount of poison damage 
randomly (will need some type of anti-poison cream, found at general 
shop probably)

Surf - newbie/low levels
-small fish, jelly fish, other kinds (will research more on types of 
animal life living in shallow ocean waters)
- Occasional person or child playing in the surf, schools of fish, 
jellyfish (wandering), sea plants, star fish, wandering crabs, 
pelicans (wandering).  

List of critters
People - some will carry items, armors, weapons, heals and some coins
 - Armors (hats, flip flops, sunglasses, necklaces, swimsuits, rings, 
sunblock, swimmies (misc.), life jacket
- Weapons - bottles (broken?), wiffle bat (People playing wiffle ball)  
- Items - towels, beach bags, purses, football, frisbee, volleyball, 
jewelry, cell phone, bucket/pail, shovel, beach ball, rafts, noodles 
- Heals - soda, beer, chips, sandwiches (very low heals)
- Experience and Coins - Experience and difficulty will vary w/ the 
type of person, adults will yield more xp and coins, then teenagers, 
then children

Adults - wander through area, some stationary, some jog shoreline, 
walk shoreline, play in surf

Teenagers - play games (volleyball, frisbee, football), wander the 
area, some stationary, play in surf, jog, walk, enter stores?

Children - play in the sand, play in the surf - some wander, some 
stationary.

Animals - 
seagulls - will wander the area, some stationary near stationary 
people - maybe good xp but no coins?

pelicans - will wander area surf and shore area - good xp, occasional 
fish in the pelican’s mouth that can be sold/made into a small heal

crabs - will wander surf and shore area - can be bartered for claws 
or crab meat

jellyfish - very good xp, no coins, risk of poison damage

starfish - low xp, can be bartered at souvenir shop

fish - can be bartered or made into heals - varying xp on size of fish


Items 
Armors -
hats (helmet)
flip flops (boots)
gym shoes (boots)
sunglasses (misc)
swimmies (misc)
life vest (armor)
rings 
necklaces (amulet)
swimsuits (armor)
boogie board? (shield?)
Sunscreen (extra type)
Weapons
bottle/broken bottle
wiffle bat
noodle?
Purse?
Fishing pole
fishing spear

Items -
football
volleyball
wiffle ball
frisbee
cell phone
shovel
pail/bucket
beach ball
rafts
beach bag
magazines
books
watch
camera

Heals - on people
soda
beer
chips	
sandwich
juice
cookies
Heals - in stores
snack bar
soda
beer - low carb, lite, regular
chips
cookies
sandwich
hot dog
juice
bottled water?
- in fish store - 
fish made into heals
oysters
crab meat
squid ink?
		
		