  I've been in contact with Khrell about the incident recently which 
involved him distributing a log of a one sided player conversation.  
I want to make it clear that I am in no way defending his decision 
to show the log to anyone, however, I do want to point out that he 
is not to blame for players having received the log.  
  Perhaps its not my place to say anything, but I know there have 
been several incidences lately where wizards have had arguments 
and issues, all dealing with people speaking out of turn to other 
wizards or even players.  But I think things have gotten so out of 
hand because there is no longer even a semblance of privacy on the 
game.  If there weren't people, specifically Mizan, making logs of 
people's conversations constantly, this wouldn't even be at issue.  
I feel its wrong for Mizan to snoop people just because they may have 
said something disrespectful about Mizan's actions or behavior.  It 
is naive to think that someone speaking poorly of another wizard or 
player is driving people away, there has always been wizard and player 
issues, and in fact, I think people enjoyed the banter, the gossip, 
and the drama of it all.  My opinion is, at this point, a major problem 
is that no one feels like they have any kind of privacy anymore on the 
game, and when you have no privacy there, you go somewhere else, where 
you feel more secure. People tend to use chat devices such as Instant 
Messenger, or even, heaven forbid, Elysium, where they know other players 
they used to talk to, have gone to now.  People keep talking about players 
being chased off, but do you think that a few disagreements are really what 
chase the players off?  The players are leaving because they have been bashed 
on for cheating or whatever, and they no longer feel welcome.  When you lose 
a couple people for cheating, you must realize that there is naturally going 
to be a fallout that includes their circle of friends and then if their friends 
go, then they take more of their friends with them, and it begins to become a 
domino effect.  
  I fully understand that we don't tolerate cheating, but the way players 
have been come down on, you won't keep a single player soon.  People don't 
want to play when there are no other players, and even those who used to come 
just to chat with other people, don't want to chat anymore, because they feel 
like there is not even a semblance of privacy left on the game.  I don't want 
to place all the blame on Mizan, because I feel that would be unfair to him, 
I know he's only trying to do what he can to stop cheating, but at a certain 
point, stopping cheating should become less of a priority than keeping your players.
  Anyways, I apologize that I am speaking out of turn, but I felt that something had 
to be said about the constant drama that has been happening lately, and the loss of 
players.  
I hope you will come to me if you care to discuss anything that I have said, or if 
you have any questions or problems with it in any way.
~SD    
  
