Star gossips: You are in fact on the knight's criminal list..  so maybe
that's why they attack
->> Worm gossips: yeah, exactly
Worm gossips: thats bull#%^#
Worm gossips: giving the knights and rangers bards etc a huge bonus in town
Worm gossips: but toss balance to the way side,you dont pk,you dfont care
gossip Not true..  recently there was a bard who was a criminal.  She would have been attacked
Star gossips: Not true..  recently there was a bard who was a criminal. 
She would have been attacked
->> Dragnar announces: stay out of Jarrel's area
Worm gossips: good thing, i dont pk anymore either. screw the game up if
you guys want
gossip Also, any ranger or knight who engages in pk would be attacked by the guards
Star gossips: Also, any ranger or knight who engages in pk would be
attacked by the guards
->> (gossip) Feyth shakes her head.  "You may recall that one of the Rangers
tried to make me a criminal as well."
Dreadbane ( player 19+100 ) has entered the game.
Worm gossips: lol, nog Feyth
(gossip) Feyth smirks.
Worm gossips: the goodly guilds work together 99% of the time and now
control beefed up guards attackin ppl in town
gossip It is true that most bards would not be attacked by guards, since they don't engage in pk.  But if they're criminals, they will be
Star gossips: It is true that most bards would not be attacked by guards,
since they don't engage in pk.  But if they're criminals, they will be
->> Lebronjames ( player 19+3 ) has left the game.
[Incognito] Symbio enters the game.


Symbio ( player 19+42 ) has entered the game.
(gossip) Feyth suggests, "Perhaps the evil guilds need to unionize."
Worm gossips: Star, please just shut up.. clearlyyou cant wrap your mind
around the situation
(gossip) Feyth grins.
Worm gossips: and the unbalance
Worm gossips: dont feel bad
Worm gossips: not everyone was born with common sense
Xiao gossips: E.W.W
gossip I am simply trying to tell you that good guilds are as likely to be attacked as evil
Star gossips: I am simply trying to tell you that good guilds are as likely
to be attacked as evil
->> Xiao gossips: evil workers of the world
Laramie gossips: I recall a time when I high level ranger got into a pk
with the help of a knight and not sure what the details were but somehow
the ranger killed the knight and about got kicked outta the rangers for it
Worm gossips: im sure you have plenty other goodd qualities
gossip If you insist on attacking me personally, then I am finished talking to you
Star gossips: If you insist on attacking me personally, then I am finished
talking to you
->> Worm gossips: GOOD you just admitted sayin the Knights should get to set
guards on ppl
Worm gossips: admitting it was your bright idea
Worm gossips: so.. yeah
wiz :sigh
(wiz) You sigh deeply.
->> Worm gossips: you guys arent effected, so whats it matter.
(gossip) Worm smirks.
Laramie gossips: Star had nothing to do with it Worm it was Symbios Idea I
was on the day it happened
Symbio gossips: I was...town guards blicked me, heh.
Worm gossips: keep making these awesome changes.. i can tell from the last
week of glitches errors etc you'redoinga bang up job
(gossip) Worm claps.
