This note may be posted under my name but it is sanctioned and backed by the
player affairs wizards, as well as arch level administration (Vertebraker)

Effective immediately, the character Scathe has been de-wizzed and banned.
In addition his primary player character's identity is posted- Noirceur.

The reason for this?  Scathe has a pattern of actively harassing females on this
MUD.  He 'courts' them, talks with them all the time, confides in them, and establishes
IM contact with them, none of which is necessarily inappropriate.  However, as time
goes by, he becomes extremely possessive and jealous, and attempts to curtail their
freedom to communicate with others.  His behavior becomes increasingly worse, 
following a classic abusive cycle, and if the females attempt to discontinue
contact with him, he generally becomes extremely angry and verbally abusive.

He uses his powers as a wizard to discover player identities and enforce a high
level of control and conformity. He covers his tracks well by pitting other
women against one another so they will be much less inclined to compare notes
about what has happened. Also unfortunately people tend to be embarrassed
after the fact about what happened so it remains underreported, or ignored.
No doubt, there will be a campaign to discredit this note right away by him.

Why is this information public? Why is this note being posted? Because we want
to set the record straight. This sort of abuse has been going on long enough
and will stop NOW. If you are someone who was affected by this and nothing
was done in the past, I sincerely hope that some form of closure is felt.

That having been said, I would like to apologize to players who felt they have
been let down by the players affairs team on Nirvana.  We have let you down.
Although there was some awareness that this behavior was occurring, we failed to
take drastic action because there were few formal complaints, even when we
heard a myriad of "unofficial" complaints about the situation.  Additionally, the
admins on this MUD try to be forgiving, and in this case their trust, and our trust,
was broken consistently.  Scathe has had multiple chances, and has exhausted
them all.  Ultimately, there must be consequences for this type of behavior.

So, why is L21 Mizan, not an admin and not a players affairs wizard, 
posting this?

I am a third party. I have been here since 1992. While some players on here have
a problem with me, that is an accepted part of my role as 'bad cop' on occasion.
I have no skeletons in my closet when dealing with female relations. There isn't
going to be a single person here who i have stalked so while nobody is perfect
in that regard, Scathe is going to have zero success waging that war of attrition
against me. 

This should have been dealt with before it became an epidemic. We are going to do
our best to prevent this kind of crap from happening again. We want people to
feel that if they come forward with complaints that they have nothing to fear.

Thanks for reading,
-mizan

