Hello,

A recent event has given me cause to write this. Since I have moved in,
most people have been friendly, while a few  others have had some need to
be telling me about rules regarding this, that, or the other thing. This I
don.t like as it makes me feel as if I am being treated as a child. I live
by simple rules, one of these is to try not to do anything that could
negatively effect another person. Another is to stay out of people.s
business unless their behavior has a direct negative effect on me. I
expect only the same in return. 

Last week, upon returning home, I was going up to my unit with my bicycle.
I encountered another unit owner who decided it was time for him to insert
himself into my affairs telling me that I could not have my bicycle in my
unit. Having read the rules, both older and newer sets, there is no such
prohibition. The rules specify where in the garage bicycles should be kept
if they are in the garage. And of course this makes sense, I wouldn.t want
a neighbor parking his bicycle blocking my parking place any more than
parking his car in that manner. This is how I interpret the rule as
written; it is the only way it makes sense to me, to prevent people from
leaving bicycles in any location in the garage they feel like. It would be
written differently if intended as a restriction governing the units. To
the best of my knowledge there are no prohibitions in the rules on what
objects I may have in my unit, nor do I believe any such prohibitions to
be legal if they did exist. Furthermore, there is no prohibition on carts
and other wheeled objects from being taken to and from the units or stored
within them. 

I told him that I am not keeping it in the garage because of the bicycle.s
value. It would be far easier for me to keep it in the garage, but I
cannot properly secure it against theft and damage in the garage without
violating rules regarding the garage. A loop screwed into the wall simply
isn.t sufficient to secure a bicycle of this value. Any attempt to secure
it using this loop would require that I remove the wheels, and place the
frame against rough concrete, damaging the paint and maybe even the light
weight aluminum tubing. A bicycle such as this one must be treated with
care and cannot be banged around like an old department store bicycle. I
must take care to avoid any impacts against the side of the frame or
wheels for they could be damaged that way. The weak method of securing it
against the wall would also make the bicycle easy to steal. It.s
difference from ordinary bicycles would also likely attract the attention
of children who may also damage it. It simply cannot be handled in the
same manner most people think a bicycle can be treated, such rough
treatment will damage it. 

He then told me I couldn.t have it on the balcony. I would never keep a
bicycle outdoors, as that destroys a bicycle.s most expensive components
in short order.  Even the environment of the garage is not particularly
good for the components. I told him the bicycle is cleaner than the carts
that are used in the hallways (which I.ve seen with goose dung on their
wheels). In every way, these shopping carts are far more obtrusive than a
bicycle. The carts are not only moved through the hallways, but parked
there, sometimes for hours. Logically, if walking a bicycle in the halls
is unacceptable, surely the shopping carts must be. I then went to my
unit, and confirmed my memory of the rules.

Tonight I got a call from the board president regarding the issue. I
wasn.t in the best of moods at the time due to unrelated things, so I was
rather terse as I was again annoyed with the intrusion. To me, it is of no
concern to anyone else what objects I keep in my unit so long as they do
not damage anyone else.s unit, do not make excessive noise, smells, etc
that go beyond the unit. 

Considering I.ve used the bicycle for months without causing a problem
shows that it simply isn.t something that effects anyone. I behave in a
responsible manner that will have as little impact on others as humanly
possible. And frankly, this has no negative effect on the person who is
complaining. I have lived in apartments for many years, and a dorm room
for an additional 4 years before moving to the first apartment, and with
each one I kept a bicycle in the unit with no problems what so ever. This
included a living on the 19th floor of a 27 story high rise. Not once was
anyone bothered by it, and often the high rise had only one working
elevator. 

Simply put, I don.t understand what the problem is, other than somebody
has a different interpretation of the rules and nothing better to do than
to make trouble for me regarding it. This is not the kind of environment I
want to live in, nor do I think anyone else does.  

Regards,


Brent A. Peterson
Unit 218.


