The Outer Boundary

Map



--------------------------------------------|             Legend
|                                           |   
|                        S            20    |          E - Entrance
|                       /  \          /     |          # - room number...see list for more info
|                      17-18        19      |          S - The Slyph's Room
|                     /     \       | \     |
|              9 -10-11 12-13 14   15-16    |     
|              |       / |     \   |        |  
|          2 - 3      4-5-6     7- 8        |   
|                     |   |                 |
|                     E   1                 |
--------------------------------------------



Room Numbers

Entrance - Board, Introduction monster, interactive exits ' north - connect to room 4'

Slyph's room - Slyph is a creature which does what is called 'traveling'. This is what I will use as a means of transportation to certain areas like d'hara, midlands, westland, key areas in each area, as well as church. This creature CANNOT be killed. It will be interactive, like it will ask if you wish to travel, if you 'yes' it will ask where, if you dont know where it can go you can type a command for a list of locations, if you 'say' no, it will look a little depressed and go back where it came. There will be the slyph's well in the room where it will come out of. Once a location is chosen, it will wrap itself around the player, and will then go back into it's well with the player, after a little bit, it will be back in a simular room, but in a different area. Afterwards, the slyph will be happy that they were able to please the traveler, then will disapear back into it's well. As for the church location, it will be a one way trip, and the slyph cannot return to pick anyone up....should probally come out of the abyss if possible. 
Exits 'southwest - connect to room 17, southeast - connect to room 18'
	Description - 

1 - 3 monsters, difficulty, very easy, xp 300, gold 600, Exits 'North-connect room 6'
      Description - 
2 - 1 monster, difficulty hard, xp 5000, coins 4000 Exits 'East' Connect to room 3
	Description - 

3 - 2 monsters, have to kill all the monsters in here to get into room 2, difficulty medium, xp 2000, coins 3000, Exits 'West-connect to room 2, North-connect to room 9'

4 - 1 non killable monster - Exits 'east-connect room 5, northeast-connect room 12, south-connect to entrance'
 
5- 2 Monsters, difficulty very easy, gold 300 coins. Exits '   west - connect to room 4, east - Connect to room 6'
	Description - 

6 - 3 Monsters, difficulty very easy, 300 xp, gold 600 coins, " Exits ' West - connect to room 5, south - connect to room 1, North - connect to room 12
	Description - 

7 -  2 Monsters, difficulty ,easy, xp 600, coins 500 items not decided,  
exits 'east - connect to room 8', 
	Description - 

8 - 5 monsters,  difficulty very easy, xp 600, gold 400, items none, exits 'north - connect to room 15, northwest - connect to room 14'
	Description - 
 
9 - no monsters, exits 'south - connect to room 3, east - connect to room 10'
	Description - 

10 - no monsters, exits 'west - connect to room 9,  east - connect to room 11, northeast - connect to room 17'
 	Description - 

11 - 2 monsters, difficulty medium, xp 2000, coins 3000, exits 'west - connect to room 10' 
	Description - 

12 - 3 monsters, difficulty very easy, xp 300, coins 600, items cracked armor, broken spear, exits 'northwest - connect to room 18, south - connect to room 6, east - connect to room 13'
	Description - 

13 - no monsters, exits 'west - connect to room 12, north - connect to room 19'
	Description - 

14 - no monsters, exits 'northwest - connect to room 19, southeast - connect to room 8'
	Description - 

15 - no monsters, exits 'south - connect to room 8, east - connect to room 16'
	Description - 

16 - 2 monsters, difficulty easy, xp 600, coins 500, items none, exits 'west - connect to room 15'
	Description - 

17 - no monsters, exits 'southwest - connect to room 10, northeast - connect to room slyph'
	Description - 

18 - no monsters, exits 'northwest - connect to room slyph, southeast - connect to room 12'
	Description - 

19 - 2 monster, difficulty easy, xp 600, coins 500, items none, exits 'south - connect to room 13, southeast - connect to room 14, northeast - connect to room 20'
	Description - 

20 - 2 monster, difficulty easy, xp 600, coins 500, items none, exits 'southwest - connect to room 19'
	Description - 

AREA PROPERTIES

Whole area will be dark to accompany theme since the boundary is part of the underworld where no light exists. Only room with light will be entrance and the slyph's room. Sounds will depend on the room. weak enemys in one part of a quadrant, enemys a little stronger the further you go. 

Quadrant 1 - blue, rooms 1, 4,5,6,12,13 - very easy

Quadrant 2 - green, rooms 7,8,14,15,16,19,20 - easy

Quadrant 3 - red, rooms 17,18, S - No monsters

Quadrant 4 - purple, rooms 2,3,9,10,11 - medium/hard

difficulty of monsters with xp and coin value

very easy = 300 xp, 600 coins or equivalent with items
easy = 600 xp, 500 coins or equivalent with items

Names of Monsters

Shadows - hard 

gripper - very easy


Heart Hound - medium

Wandering Spirit Trader - Can buy things from this, cant kill it though. 

Items

Wooden Shield - average
 cracked amulet - average
 ripped cloak  - average
shroud-armor - poor
soft boots - poor
 rusty helmet - poor
 cracked ring - average
tooth - dagger weapon - poor
 torch
 cracked armor - average
 broken spear - poor

THINGS TO LOOK AT

Dead Trees - things to search for junk

Bones - 

Wandering spirits - they arent kills - they say some things if you use the right command

Other Senses

Smell - you smell rotting corpses all around you

Listen - You hear the wails of spirits in pain

	This area is based on a book series I read, and so will the rest of my area, as I make other areas I will explain the theme of it, as well as do my best to describe the area's history. This area will have good as well as evil creatures in it as well as unique items which will only be from my area....items such as The Sword of Truth, The Night Stone, Wizard's Rock, and so on. In this first area I have had to use my imagination when it came to items since none of the books described what these areas are like and what the creatures in the "boundary" would have. Later on when I have made more familiar areas I will designate the unique items for each character that has them. Some items may belong to a group of monsters....such as Long Tail and Short Tail Gars. While unique mobs like Richard Rahl will have The Sword of Truth, Addie the Bone Woman would have the Night Stone, and Zedd would have his Wizard's Rock. Another unique character called by his friends Chase, will have items I dream up since he is armed to the teeth with weapons. I have also heard that there was a prequel to the series of this book and therefore I may add some of the history into my area once I read it. My area is going to be huge, and will have many areas, a guild or two, and can even support a quest. The whole area will be connected, but who wants to start all the way from the beginning just to get to the last room in my area? Well to solve that problem, I will use a means of teleportation or in what my area will refer to it as the Silver Slyph.

The Slyph is a creature created by the wizards of old during the time of the Great War. Back then wizards had both side of the gift, additive and subtractive, and they used their powers to turn ordinary people into weapons. The Slyph was once a person, a hooker, but a honorable one, as she would never tell anyone who her clients were. The wizards noticed this and used their powers to change her into the Slyph. The Slyph is used for something called Traveling, she can take a traveler to any place she knows, no matter the distance in a short amount of time. What would take weeks of travel on horse back took only a day with the Slyph. Now the Slyph could only allow those who had atleast a small portion of both sides of the gift, if they didnt, the travelers would die inside the Slyph. In the Great War all the wizards could use the Slyph, so the Slyph's well inside the Wizard's Keep was constantly guarded. Eventually the Slyph was put to sleep with magic and the room to the Slyph's well was blocked off with a shield, from then on, no wizard could enter that room....10 thousand years later, a wizard was born with both sides of the gift, the subtractive magic, being apart of the underworld, passed out of existance, there were some who had the calling for the subtractive magic....meaning they wanted to be able to use it. When this wizard was born and much later into the story he found his way to the Slyph's well and awoken her so he could save the life of the person he loved. It is said, to travel inside the Slyph is rapture. Afterwards, he realized he made a mistake with the slyph, as he didnt think ahead, as other creatures were able to use her, and got to the Wizard's Keep. Afterwards he put her at rest, but when he went to go see her, she was awake. When the time came for Richard and Kahlan to get married, they used the Slyph to get to the land's of the mud people. Before Richard left, he asked the Slyph why she didnt stay asleep, and she replied that it is because he didnt have the silver before, and she pointed to his new wrist bands which had symbols engraved on it, and since Richard was her only Master, he wouldnt be upset that she told him how he could put her to sleep so no one else could use her for bad purposes. Afterwards, Richard put her to sleep, and left to go get married. 
I have decided that I will use the boundary as a starting point, as well as use my own ideas with it. So to start with I made the area split into two pieces, the first is of course the newbie area that I am making, it is close to the outside that is why its called the "outer" boundary. Later on when my area grows, I will make it go in deeper, with harder monsters to kill so the theme is kept with as much originality as possible. 

What is the boundary might you ask, well, when the war with Panis Rahl and the midlands first started, Zedd found a type of magic that would stop the war, by putting up these boundaries D'hara and the Midlands were seperated, Westland was set aside for those who didnt want to deal with magic again. Later on in the book series Richard asked zedd if he could put up another boundary to stop the current war, zedd told him he could not, that it was a spell of 3's, a spell like this is a security matter, so it couldnt be misused. The first boundary Zedd used to figure out how the spell worked so he could solve problems before they started, the second he used to close D'hara from the Midlands, the third he used to Seperate Westland from the Midlands, so there was no more boundaries left. To travel one end of the boundary to the other would take one and a half days none stop, cause no one in their right mind would want to sleep in there...they would be killed, in the book, Kahlan came through with the aid of 6 other wizards who cast spells on her so she could pass through safely, then they killed themselves to protect her. There wont be a way though to go through the boundary from Westland's side to get to the Midlands, for that there is a pass that Richard found out and used, but I am using my imagination, and added the underworld as a area to fight in, however, the harder part for the underworld wont be reachable from Westland's side, cause after all we dont want newbies walking into a death trap. 


DETAILED AREA

This part is going to be for room descriptions, descriptions of monsters, items, things in the room that can be looked at. The first few rooms are going to be the main rooms, the Entrance, and the Slyph's room. I will have the descriptions and possible actions listed here, as well as anything that might or will be in the room.

ENTRANCE

You appear to have entered a forbidden land. The stench of rotting flesh fills your nose as you look around. The sounds of souls wailing sends shivers through your spine. You try to look around more, but you can't see far. The only things you can see is some kind of Stone, and some kind of creature you have never seen. You look behind you and you see the swirling mist from which you came from. You feel your soul trying to go back to the mists and leaving this place.

Stone Tablet - my message board for announcements - This Stone Tablet appears to have seen better days. What was once smooth and readable is now broken and deterated. Half of the Stone is underneath the ground, while the other half is above and is understandable. It appears as though the Tablet is still being used since the newest message is crystal clear. Perhaps you should 'read' the Tablet and see what it says.

Wandering Soul - Information creature\interactive - This soul sways gently as though there was a breeze. The way it moves tells you that it is very old, and probably has knowledge of the world. Perhaps if you 'ask' the soul a question it will tell you all it has to knows. 

- this will have general information on the area such as bring a light with you, as well as this area being for newbies. asking about another area will do the same once another area is approved. 

Slyph's Room

At last you have left the boundary. To a great relief you no longer hear the moans of those lost souls. The air, once putrid is replaced by that of sweet smelling flowers and the sound of birds. Nearby you see a old well, as well as some Wayward Pines. 

A Well - This is where the slyph shall reside in. Once summoned it will take you to other places.
- A large stone well sits here, weather has worn the stones over the ages so they don's look as sharp. As you look down into its depths you see nothing but darkness. You have a feeling that something should be down there, but you don't know what. Perhaps you should 'yell' to see if anything responds

A Wayward Pine - secret room, safe place to rest, might have something in it, not yet decided. 


Places for Slyph to possibly go to. 

Church, Shop,entrance to my area.

Places for Slyph after area expands

Westland locations

Midlands locations - Mud People's Village, Wizard's Keep, Tamarang, Rang Shadi Mountains, Wilds, Home of the Night Whisps

D'hara locations - People's Pallace

Old World Locations - Hagathen Woods, Sister's of the Light home

Somewhere between Old World and the New World there is a type of boundary with spells fighting each other. This part of the area will be randomized with the towers somewhere. No teleport, but if a person has been stuck for lets say 20 minutes something will appear and ask them if they want out, and it will send them to where they first entered. 
