'Alright....what do you know about this, hon?
You ask: Alright....what do you know about this, hon?

->> Demonic says: kia

Demonic says: aka flip[

Demonic says: crip was his ninja at one point in time

Demonic says: flip transfered taht char to blade

(gossip) Feyth waves merrily.
Demonic says: giving bladed that char

Feyth ( player 19+37 ) has left the game.
Demonic says: teh char switched hands

Demonic says: when it shouldnt

'When did this happen?  And, why?
You ask: When did this happen?  And, why?

->> Fairy ( player 9 ) has left the game.
Demonic says: this was back when crip was a ninja

Demonic says: i am not sure of teh date

'Was it a week ago...a month...a few months?
You ask: Was it a week ago...a month...a few months?

->> Demonic says: say about a mouth or more

emote nods.  "Did Blade give him anything for the character?  Why did they do this?"
Demonic says: i mean month

You nods.  "Did Blade give him anything for the character?  Why did they do this?"
->> Demonic says: my typein is shit

Demonic says: i dont know

Demonic says: i do know that blade wanted a ninja

Demonic says: taht is why

Demonic says: and flip didnt want to play that char any more

'Do you know whether Blade knows that what he is doing is against the rules?
Demonic says: then crip senseied kia in to the ninjas

Demonic says: an both were kicked out

You ask: Do you know whether Blade knows that what he is doing is
against the rules?

->> Demonic says: he knows

Demonic says: and he tried to make me lie for him

Demonic says: and keep it under wraps

emote nods.  "Really?  Tell me about that."
You nods.  "Really?  Tell me about that."
->> Demonic says: and i wouldnt

Demonic says: he told me that i was not to tell anybody

Demonic says: this was about a week ago i found out exactly

Demonic says: thats is why i was mailing miszan

'Has he said anything else to you about this matter?
You ask: Has he said anything else to you about this matter?

->> people
There are now 13 players (11 active). 2.06 cmds/s, 27.48 comp lines/s
   Address        Name       Age   Level      Location  
........................................................................
216.254.112.210 Captpotato    1d      6  players/mizan/core/02h/room01
24.145.163.49   #Treebeard    8d     19  players/boltar/casino/room#8793
68.232.38.165   Aingeal      21d     40  players/aingeal/workroom
141.149.251.143 Lexi         17d     19  players/wocket/turtleville/tville_park2
68.227.170.186  Noirceur     121d    19  players/eurale/VAMPIRES/RMS/basement
128.118.248.144 Skylar        4d     12  room/vill_green
207.94.148.203  Whoa         44d     19  room/vill_road3
63.230.145.226  Brimstone    34d     18  room/yard
67.74.224.247   Demonic      21d     19  players/aingeal/workroom
216.254.112.210 Mizan        42d     21  players/mizan/core/02h/room04
217.164.241.177 Vital        91d    100  players/vital/workroom
68.69.1.72      Razor         6d     19  players/boltar/hotel/room#6201
68.115.92.53    #Pike        28d     19  players/jaraxle/3rd/alt/rooms/forest/fforest#8751
->> Demonic says: he jumped all down my shit cause i told him not to be
playing that char from my ip

emote nods.  "Anything else?"
You nods.  "Anything else?"
->> help multiplaying
That file does not exist.
->> help multiplay
That file does not exist.
->> Demonic says: other than he said that i wasnt to say shit and that he
jumped on my shit

finger crip
I feel so good, I feel so numb.... Crip the master sorcerer (neutral) 
Level:            18  Experience:  1968361
Money:         75327
Guild name:  Warrior
Guild Rank:        0  Guild Exp:  13800000
Attributes:
Mag:   25  Sta:   36  Str:   42  Ste:   32  Dex:   30
Int:   26  Wil:   14  Pie:   14  Luc:   20  Cha:   27
Player killer: No
E-mail address: none
Last called from: dialup-67.74.224.224.Dial1.Baltimore1.Level3.net (67.74.224.224)
Last called at: Nov 15 23:54 2003 to Nov 16 00:24 2003
Age: 9 days 8 hours 30 minutes 46 seconds.
->> Demonic says: i dont want this ip baned

Demonic says: and i dont want to get in shit for what he does

Demonic says: also that is worng

emote nods.  "Alright....thank you for letting me know this.  If anything else comes to light, please let me know, alright?"
You nods.  "Alright....thank you for letting me know this.  If anything else comes to light, please let me know, alright?"
->> Demonic says: he broke teh rules

Demonic says: fawn mailed mizan also

emote nods.
You nods.
~*~Crip~*~: and cause i say something back he gets ignorant and accuses me of nonsense and makes it personal on here and tries to have me jailed and or banished
~*~Crip~*~: mischan
Crip says: and cause i say something back he gets ignorant and accuses
me of nonsense and makes it personal on here and tries to
have me jailed and or banished

Mizan tells you: and demonic (noah's) original accusation was that southstar
(kyle) gave crip (robert) a character

emote nods.  "I've actually gotten mail from your witnesses, and although I was suspicious when Demonic made the complaint, I'm frankly inclined to believe you."
You nods.  "I've actually gotten mail from your witnesses, and although I was suspicious when Demonic made the complaint, I'm frankly inclined to believe you."
->> Crip says: cause he dont like me mudding here

Crip nods solemnly.
Crip says: thank you

Crip says: cause he was throwing in my face

Crip says: he was like oh yea your being jailed

Crip says: your getting in trouble for this and that

Crip says: and i didnt even do anything

'When did he do that?
You ask: When did he do that?

->> Crip says: and i am glad you see that

Crip says: offline

Crip says: like i said

Crip says: he brings rl issues on the mud

Crip says: ask mizan

Crip says: he witnessed it earlier

Crip says: oh hes gone

Crip says: damn

Crip says: but mizan witnessed it earlier

Mizan tells you: do you want me in on this?

Crip says: all i do is come here to play and relax and its hard to play
when he comes in accusing me of nonsense like that

Mizan tells you: i prefer to be in the shadows but can goto if needed

Crip says: know what i am saying

haloe mizan nods.  "I'm talking with Crip now.  I think I'm about ready to put this to rest.....I don't think that Crip did what Demonic accused him of."
You faremote to Mizan: nods.  "I'm talking with Crip now.  I think I'm about ready to put this to rest.....I don't think that Crip did what Demonic accused him of."
->> Crip says: this is a game and aint rl

Crip says: and he has been warned b4

Crip says: about bringing rl stuff on the mud

Mizan tells you: i concur

Crip says: and he continues on doing it

haloe mizan chuckles.  "You're fine in the shadows, sweetie, and I'm fine here....but thanks."
You faremote to Mizan: chuckles.  "You're fine in the shadows, sweetie, and I'm fine here....but thanks."
->> Mizan smiles at you from afar.
Crip says: and at this point he pushes a lie and tries to get me
banished and or jailed

Crip sighs deeply.
emote nods.  "Alright.....let me ask you this.  Do you believe that he will retaliate if I rule in your favor, and if so what do you suspect he will do?"
You nods.  "Alright.....let me ask you this.  Do you believe that he will retaliate if I rule in your favor, and if so what do you suspect he will do?"
->> Crip says: he will prolly do that

Crip says: and push more on about me

Crip says: he will do what ever he can

Crip says: to try and get me into trouble

Crip says: and take it to rl

Crip says: and here

Crip says: making it personal

Crip says: like he has been doin

Crip says: i seriously dont know what to do at this point aingeal

Crip sighs deeply.
Crip hugs you.
Crip says: its makin me lose my mind

Crip says: i come here for fun

Crip says: and to relax

emote nods.  "I think I've seen everything I need to.  I am going to rule in your favor, Crip, and gently warn Demonic that I do not expect to see any retaliation."
You nods.  "I think I've seen everything I need to.  I am going to rule in your favor, Crip, and gently warn Demonic that I do not expect to see any retaliation."
->> Crip says: seems like i cant get that any more

Crip nods solemnly.
Crip says: thank you

'Just a word of advice, though......
You say: Just a word of advice, though......

->> Crip nods solemnly.
Crip asks: yes?

Moadeep ( player 17 ) has left the game.
Crip says: and i made a promise with mizan and you can ask him about it

Crip says: i have mellowed out and kept it low so i dont get into
anything

emote smiles warmly.  "If you are ever inclined to do anything that might be....well, questionable, then err on the side of caution.  You know he will be looking for a reason to get you into trouble, and I don't want to see it happen."
You smiles warmly.  "If you are ever inclined to do anything that might be....well, questionable, then err on the side of caution.  You know he will be looking for a reason to get you into trouble, and I don't want to see it happen."
->> Crip nods solemnly.
Crip says: thats understandable

emote nods.  "I'm aware of your agreement with Mizan, and you both have my full support in that.  I appreciate that you're having a tough time right now, and I just want you to be reasonable while you're here and to have fun."
You nods.  "I'm aware of your agreement with Mizan, and you both have my full support in that.  I appreciate that you're having a tough time right now, and I just want you to be reasonable while you're here and to have fun."
->> Crip nods solemnly.
Crip says: thank you

Charm ( player 19+31 ) has entered the game.
'I'll mail Demonic with my decision, and you can consider this issue at rest.  I would appreciate it if you do not talk to others about it beyond saying that I ruled in your favor....if they have questions beyond that, please refer them to me.
You say: I'll mail Demonic with my decision, and you can consider
this issue at rest.  I would appreciate it if you do not
talk to others about it beyond saying that I ruled in your
favor....if they have questions beyond that, please refer
them to me.

->> Crip nods solemnly.
'That way, there can be no nasty rumors started that might come back to bite you.  Okay?
You ask: That way, there can be no nasty rumors started that might
come back to bite you.  Okay?

->> Crip says: thank you

Crip nods solemnly.
Crip says: ok

Crip stares you in the eyes as he softly kisses your hand.
'Sure thing, hon.  Ready to go back to green?
You ask: Sure thing, hon.  Ready to go back to green?

->> Crip says: been awhile since i seen ya on

Crip asks: where ya been hidin?

emote smiles.  "Oh, I'm here more than you might think."
You smiles.  "Oh, I'm here more than you might think."
->> wink crip
You wink at Crip.
->> Crip girns lively like a moron.
Crip gives you a giant bearhug.
You gasp for air.
Crip says: ok

Crip says: thanks

hug crip
You hug Crip.
[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 3) 3
Message 3:
From: mizan
Subj: Kia and Flip imprisonment

Date: Nov 14 16:36

I've stumbled into a minefield.

I imprisoned Kia and Flip (same char) for creating usernames like
'Hilter' and 'Naziman'... 'Lifestyles' even :) 

What goes on with Kia and Flip is at your discretion. I don't plan
on letting them out just yet because they didn't seem willing to
stop right away.

But here is where things are going weird. Most of the other players
from the library (64.26.82.x) netblock seem to think we are about to
ban their site for all the goofy stuff they have done. I used that 
to my advantage and tried to get more information but nothing really
made any sense.

In either case i won't burden you with any of it :)
Supposedly the person who plays Crip gave his char to Blade. No idea
when this happened, and again this is insubstantiated.

-m

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 3) 4
Message 4:
From: mizan
Subj: Crip player account handoff issue

Cc: mizan
Date: Nov 16 14:02

I am being told from several sources that the player Crip was transferred to
another person, mainly the same kid who is Blade. This of course would be
something violating help multiple.

In either case i have asked individuals who think this is the case to come
forward and mudmail you or me about this issue. I myself have noticed a
change in the Crip character in subtle ways (such as how Blade/Crip seem to
misspell the word hilarious as 'halarious').

So far Demonic and Fawn have come forward on this. Waiting to see what the
others from the maryland crowd will do. For Fawn to mail me about this is
an interesting twist considering she really dislikes me more than... anything
else on this mud it seems.

I have no idea what should be done on this, just presenting the info to you
about it. In the meantime i have just been receptive to the players and 
not setting their expectations too high or low. The MD players seem to think
we are about to siteban their address block so i am using that fear to my
advantage without crossing the line and threatening, just waving to them
that siteban is an option that is not ruled out.

In general though my rapport with the MD kids has been fairly good. I haven't
lost my temper on them and they seem to respect that. But at the same time
they are mostly kids and kids are devious little bastards by nature :)

Check out the end of /log/mizan.mbox for the contents of mail i received
from Demonic and Fawn.

Thanks!
-m

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 4) 5
Message 5:
From: sparkle
Subj: Harassment

Date: Nov 19 15:16

Today I witnessed, yet again, Moadeep talking about his ex who plays here. You might remember that you warned him before he disappeared not to speak of her or harass her on here. He has caused her to temporarily stop playing the mud Nat and that just isnt right. I know David and I know how he is. He will say some of the most harsh things to hurt someone. And he is doing that to her. Can we not put a stop to this. If I have your permission, I will imprison his ass if he starts again. But I wanted to bring it to you first so you know it is happening again. I have spoken with her and told her that he would not harass her here, so hopefully we can do something about this. Thanks alot hun.

Lyn

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 5) Lesa arrives.
Lesa leaves north.
6
Message 6:
From: crip
Subj: player file

Cc: mizan
Date: Nov 19 15:48

here is a list of all my chars i have...... yoshimitsu,wicket,blade,crip,shadowstar,and starfire also alot of players i havent played in years i am on most of the time between 10 and 5 mon thru saturday and sunday i am usually never on somtimes i will login at night after 10 i need to know what is goin on and what is happenening here...
thanks
crip

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 6) Crip arrives.
Crip leaves north.
Town Guard leaves south.
7
Message 7:
From: crip
Subj: player file

Cc: mizan
Date: Nov 19 16:18

Zidane tells you: I believe you've had that char for a long ass time dude
I've watched you play it since day 1 man, not that I'm
against Mizan or whatever wizard made this statement that
you're sharing but really I have watched you since the very
day you created it, I even accidently saw your password and
you had to change it...
that is a tell from zidane along with some other players that are witnesses
and yes i did talk to mizan
mizan has not said anything negative about what the issues is he just recommend what i do
and i have several other people that will prove i have not been character sharing
thanks for your time
crip

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 7) 8
Message 8:
From: mizan
Subj: Crip

Cc: mizan
Date: Nov 19 16:20

While i dislike some elements of the MD crowd, i don't find them to
be as manipulative and outright malicious as others on here...

I've been snooping Crip for some time now and while he is definitely
no saint, i have a doubt. However he has been steady in his behavior..
and with this impending prison sentence falling on him his freaking
out seemes actually kind of genuine and interesting. Also watching
the tells from his friends (and enemies) has been interesting.
I can make that capture available if you need it. 

I actually forgot what the original issue was... that the character
was given to him- but in the time i have been back Crip has always
been Blade/Yoshimitsu.

Also, i just realized that Demonic is Crip's brother. They seem to
really hate each other. Also, Fawn is backing up Demonic, so i'm not
too sure what to think about things on that level. She's one scary
individual when it comes to the Manipulation and Insecurities Dept.

In either case i don't have all the pieces to this case. I don't know
who else said anything. Just trying to bring more info along.

Thanks!
-tij

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 8) 9
Message 9:
From: mizan
Subj: message from crip (player file)

Date: Nov 19 16:22

Yeah, i was snooping him at the time (zidane)
That tell he sent him was valid. That's all i'm saying :)

-tij

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 9) Crip arrives.
Crip leaves south.
10
Message 10:
From: mizan
Subj: Moadeep harrassing ex issue

Cc: mizan,sparkle
Date: Nov 19 16:39

Sparkle has asked for my assistance in this matter. I'll be operating
as an extra set of eyeballs since i have the hardware to do so. In due
time other wizzes will be up to speed with my tools but Sparkle's new
and doesn't need this stuff burdening her.

Also there is a RL conflict issue, since Moadeep knows Sparkle.
I dont mind being the bad cop if something crazy happens but i'll be
sticking to normal chain of command. You know the drill Aingeal, i'll 
just be operating as an information tool,
standard operating procedure :)

Thanks,
-miz
(tij)

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 10) 11
Message 11:
From: mizan
Subj: Moadeep harrassment issue (more)

Cc: sparkle
Date: Nov 19 20:40

Moadeep harrassment issue (more)

This has become more complex than i originally discovered.
The 20,000' story: Moadeep is stalking his ex girlfriend, and has
been logging in his various characters (Changrela, Howdy, Nosforatoo).
He has been leaving cryptic messages indicating some impending
self destruction. He might try hunting her down in RL, and from what
was told she has been staying with friends, and might in addition
seek restraining orders and such.

I have implemented a modified version of my ghetto-snoop device
(/players/mizan/closed/makadra.c) which records all player commands
to persistent file storage.

All output is written to the directory /players/mizan/logs/snoop.
All commands are timestamped, it's a fairly basic setup, and in
addition, the object is autoloading so it is persistent on the player
as well. I really hope this kinda crap will never be used in a court
of law.

I hate doing this kind of stuff, but it comes along with the biz.

Thanks :)
-tij**

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 11) 12
Message 12:
From: sparkle
Subj: Moadeep Harassment stuff

Cc: mizan
Date: Nov 20 13:18

Ok, I talked with her today and this is the info she gave me re: characters.

His chars, that she knows, are: Moadeep, Howdy, Changrela, Malt, Nosforatoo.

Her chars, that she plays now, are: cloudless, dolphine, twinkles, lucky, smiles, heart, spanky, lesa, sunshines and dee.

I hope that will help. And if I find out anything more, I'll let you both know. She is also going to log what is said and mail to you Nat, so you might watch for that. Thanks alot to both of you. =)

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 12) Crip arrives.
Crip leaves north.
13
Message 13:
From: symbio
Subj: Crip/Wicket

Date: Nov 20 16:22

Mizan and Crip talked to me about Crip being a shared character or some shit...

Well it isn't true, I've known Wicket for a while on here.

He's been the same idiot as always, he hasn't changed.  His character wasn't given to him or anything like that.

so yeah, he's still a punk and I don't really like him that much but he didn't have the char given to him.  he built it up.  it's his.

peace,

symbio

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 13) 14
Message 14:
From: moby
Subj: Crip

Date: Nov 20 16:52

Crip has always been my friend.
Since he was a level 1, he has been Rob.
I heard that you were threatening to jail him because he was character sharing. Well he has not been character shareing. He has had Crip since level 1.
I thought I might bring this to your attention.
Thanking you,
Moby the Knights Templar!

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 14) 15
Message 15:
From: lesa
Subj: hi

Date: Nov 20 16:53

Crip and I have been friends since he was a level 1.
Lesa
*8

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 15) 16
Message 16:
From: southstar
Subj: Crip

Cc: **
Date: Nov 20 17:05

Hey I'm writing to you about the crip. I known crip for a long time sense he started playing . there is no possible wa he could be sharing. I know how he kills his attitiude and i know no one has been sharing his char with him. Thank you for reading this letter.
l

[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 16) q
Okay to delete all mail? n
->> mail demonic
Subject: Crip
Give message.  Finish message with '**', or '~q' to cancel
]Demonic,
]Charm ( player 19+31 ) has left the game.
I have fully investigated your allegation that the original "Crip" gave his character to your
]brother (Blade), who is now continuing to play "Crip".  I have spoken with you, with Crip,
]War ( player 19+18 ) has left the game.
Crip arrives.
Crip leaves south.
Crip arrives.
Crip leaves north.
and with multiple witnesses, and I have further accessed various historical information 
]regarding Crip in an effort to determine whether or not your allegation is true.  After a full
]investigation, I have determined that Crip / Blade has not been multiplaying in the manner
]in which you accused him, and have accordingly ruled in his favor in this matter.  It has 
]also come to my attention that there is no love lost between you and your brother, and that
]sometimes real life problems spill over into Nirvana.  Although I know that you will accept
]my ruling in this matter without incident, I just want to remind you that I will tolerate 
]absolutely no retaliation by you or your brother with regard to your accusation and my 
]Breeze ( player 12 ) has entered the game.
Pain kisses you from afar.
Mizan tells you: heyas, i caught some of it, but only stuff he was saying

Breeze ( player 12 ) has left the game.
ruling, and that I further expect that neither of you will make any false accusations against
]the other in the future as a way to "get at" each other.  As you are aware, you have the
]right to appeal my decision if you wish to do so (see "help prison").  Otherwise, this matter
]Pain wizs: hum dee dum
Mizan wizs: bork bork bork
Pain wizs: mmm... bjork
is now closed.  Additionally, I caution you, as I did your brother, to not speak of this matter
]Mizan wizs: grin
to anyone else other than to let them know that I ruled in Crip's favor.  If anyone else has
]questions or comments, please direct them to me.
]Pain wizs: boywizards have a penis and girlwizards have a vagina

]Aingeal
]**
Cc:crip, mizan
Sending mail to Demonic.
Sending mail to Crip.
There is no player named  mizan.
[1 - 16 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 16) Mizan wizs: benny benassi on point
Crip arrives.
