[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 7) 2
Message 2:
From: keli
Subj: Kezef

Date: Sep  7 19:07

I am writing you in regards to Kezef. I will not mention his alts as I am sure you know who they are or can find out easily.

During the last boot period, her chose to tell my alt character on the ranger channel. He started in with me when I logged on my Ranger about my alt is 'probably who the ranger npc's died to'. Then after I logged my Ranger off, he decided to go ahead and state that Telina is also Keli. On the public channel.

I do not appreciate this at all. I questioned Vital about it. Apparantly he did tell Kezef it is not to happen again. But I know it will. 

I am writing you because I want it put on record that this happened. If it continues to happen or if he harasses me with tells or saying things on other public channels about me or who I am real life, I would like something done. I do not take this lightly as I hope none of you will. In the past I have told him to shut up and moved on, but I am tired of it.

Please keep this mail as a record of what happened. Many wizards and Rangers were on who can verify it happened. So please let me know if you need to know who to speak to them.

Thank you,
Keli

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 2) 3
Message 3:
From: sparkle
Subj: Harrassment/Threats

Cc: feyth
Date: Sep 28 22:06

I am writing to you to inform you of a situation that came up today. I hope that it will stop, but things have happened many times in the past.

Today I made a comment on star about one of the young girl players here. Her mother was logged on at the time and sent me a tell to discuss it. Which we did. She then logged off. Shortly after, her live in boyfriend logged on as Roc and proceeded to tell me that if I spoke to her again he would tell this mud all about me not having custody of my children and some lies.

He logged out. When he came back, I told him that he is never to threaten me and not to speak to me again here. He said that when I stop speaking to Fawn, he will leave me alone. NO, he will leave me alone now. This man raped me and I will not be subjected to his threats here on this game. I have kept it off the game and want him to not speak of me at all.

If this cannot be done, then I will just leave. As I will not let myself be subjected to threats and lies told about me on a game I enjoy relaxing in. His characters are Roc, Maxy, Ironman, Kezef and many others. 

Please let me know if you need to know more. And thanks alot for your time.

Sparkle

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 3) 5
Message 5:
From: telina
Subj: Once again..

Cc: telina
Date: Oct 13 04:26

Well, tonight, once again, I was harassed by Kezef/Ironman, etc. I am sick of this. I told him to leave his rl problems with me off of this game but he doesnt choose to do so. I want it to stop Nat. I need it to stop. This one began over a Ranger issue, which he turned into a hate match and how I am a horrible person and a bad Ranger. And how he hates me. Well, I do not care how he hates me, but he will leave me alone. Please, please, please, do something to stop this for me. I am tired of his remarks about me to me and to others. It really needs to stop. If it doesnt stop, I will be speaking out. If one more thing is said about me or to me, I will let it be known what he has done in the past to me. I do not want to do this. I try to save his feelings, even though I could and should have filed criminal charges on him at the time. Stupid me. Oh well. But now, I have taken all I can. Please know and understand that if he continues, just one more time, I will speak out. Thank you for listening to me. And for helping me.

Lyn (Telina/Keli/Sparkle,etc)

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 5) 6
Message 6:
From: telina
Subj: Log

Cc: telina
Date: Oct 14 23:55

I forgot I had mailed this to myself also.. but here is the log from the previous night. Its only a very small portion of what was said.. but the channel only holds so much history. Anyway, this is where he told me I get off on causing strife. Just shows that there was something going on that night.

[Power Ranger] Telina says: Because I posted a note?
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: not theres other things
[Power Ranger] Telina says: I have never caused trouble as a Ranger.
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: yes you have
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: you love to cause strif
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: you get off on it i think
[Power Ranger] Telina says: Oh do share, wise one. Because I have never caused trouble as a Ranger.
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: yes lets continue this cause more problems
[Power Ranger] Telina says: If me stating my opinion causes trouble, so be it.
[Power Ranger] Telina smiles happily.
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: not beating in to the ground it what causes it
[Power Ranger] Whitewolf says: This guild is based on teamwork and the strife that is going on now isn't good for the guild.
[Power Ranger] Telina says: Ya know what.. I posted a note. Thats it. Did I mean for it to blow up into this? No. But Kezef logged on and started questioning me, I responded with how I felt.
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: man i'm glad theres no real power structure in this guild
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: good the note is posted
[Power Ranger] Telina says: If you do not like that I have an opinion, then mail Beck. And yes, the note is posted, you could have dropped it at that. :)
[Power Ranger] Whitewolf says: As have I just mailed Ghost has to my thoughts, so leave it be.
[Power Ranger] Kezef says: accaully you attacked my note
[Power Ranger] Telina says: I did not attack your note. I responded to it.

Hope it helps some.

Lyn

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 6) 7
Message 7:
From: demonic
Subj: Silentkill

Cc: (To: puppy) aingeal
Date: Oct 15 22:43

I have tell blocked silentkill and she then took rl and my rl name on to a open channel.
I proceedingly  asked her to stop and drop it but she continued.
So I am left with no other opertunity but to report her for harrassment and use of my rl name on open channels
Sorry i had to bother you with this
Sincerly yours
Demonic.

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 7) 8
Message 8:
From: tristian
Subj: Demonic

Date: Oct 24 01:37

I dont know how to check all the pertinant facts but supposedly demonic says he was killed by a bug on Moe.  Moe was at 0/10 hpts and hit demonic for over 200 hpts he said, he was then restored without having to pray and it didnt correctly reset his level until I had him relog.  It then dropped him to level +1..could you look into this for me and maybe we can talk about it so I would know the right way to find out more information the next time.  Demonic is going to mail you as well.  if you need to know anything more just ask.

Talk to you later Sexy,
Trist

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 8) 9
Message 9:
From: demonic
Subj: a bug with Moe

Cc: tristian 
Date: Oct 24 01:40

I was fighting Moe in springfield and  i had him to 0 of 10 he hit me for 200 hp and and insta killed me.
I respawned and didnt even have to pray it had me still at lev 19+3 and only at 2,500,000 exp and was saying i need 799k exp to get my level back.
I had 3,210,000 exp  and was 90k from 19+4 when he killed me.
I have never seen him hit that had even after he was beefed up and i have fought him 2 times since he was redone.
can you please fix this and let me know whats what i mean it the facts show it was a bug that killed me.
sincerly yours
demonic

[1 - 9 h l d r ra x q b ?] (current: 9) 10
Illegal message number 10
