		(X)ROGUES(X)
The rogues are a PK guild in which
you must have PK set at all times.
Failure to have it set will result
in a 100+random(30) damage to the
player every 15 heartbeats. The
Rogue is not allowed to be in any
sort of alliance or in a party. If
they try to join one, it will force
them to leave it. When you first
start out, you start off with your
basic crap such as rt, rte, brothers
(the communication stuff). You also
start off with Sinister Strike which
is your basic attack. Sstrike can be
used in stealth, out of steath, etc.
The more you use sstrike, the better
the spell becomes. It grants you one
combo point. Combo points allow you
to use better spells. You also get
apply. You can apply a poison to your
weapon. As of right now there is only
one type of poison which has a chance
to apply a damage over time effect
to the enemy. At level 16, the Rogue
gains the move 'eviscerate' or 'evis'
which is a combo using move. This
move allows you to use your stored
combo points in order to do a high
damage attack. The more you use it,
the better it will become. The more
combo points you have when you use
it, the better it will be. At level
18, you get shadowstep. Shadowstep
is a basic ability that gets you
behind your enemy in order to do
a move that requires you to be behind
your target. Shadowstep has a cooldown
of 60 heartbeats. Shadowstep can be
used in or out of combat. It can also
be used in or out of stealth. At level
19 you get offhand which is a dual-
wielding ability. At 19+1, you are given
vanish which calms the room you're in,
then puts the user back into stealth.
At 19+2, you are given backstab which
is the first ability that requires you
to be behind an enemy. It's a high
powered attack that you must be behind
the enemy in order to use. At 19+3, you
are given expose. Expose is a way to
break through your opponents armor every
600 heartbeats with a chance of failure.
The success rate is based on the users
dexterity stat. At 19+4, you get the
pickpocket ability which allows you
to ATTEMPT to steal coins from a mob.
This ability is not allowed to be used
on other players and has a very low
success rate. Failure to successfully
steal money from a mob will result in
forcing the player and the mob to fight.
If they can successfully steal coins
from the mob, it is 250 + random(750);
for the amount they can get from it.
At 19+5 you get ambush. Ambush is a HIGH
damage attack that you HAVE to use in
stealth and you must be behind your enemy
in order to use it. The damage of it
increases with how much you use it.
At 19+6, you get garrote which is an
ability that gashes open your enemies
head and leaves a bleed effect on them
that does damage over time. At 19+7,
you are given blind which will throw
blinding powder into the enemies eyes
making them unable to look at the room
description, etc. At level 19+10, you get
preparation which can be used every 5
minutes to immediately prepare yourself
for battle and finish all of your
cooldowns. At 19+10, you also gain
the ability to recruit new Rogues. The
potentially new Rogue must be level 15.
Upon joining, they must set PK.

I hope this is everything you need!
If not, you know how to get a hold of me!

-Shinshi