Review of the Rogues

You have to be recruited by a guild maxxed Rogue
Player must be level 19+5 in order to be recruited with ste, luc, dex, and wil maxxed.

When recruited, it will put an alternate Rogue guild object on the player
Which gives them two abilities so they can do the trial that is required.
The recruitee will follow the recruiter to an area outside where the recruiter
will hint that the trial will start where the recruiter drops him off at.
The recruitee will be required to find a shadowy figure in a room that is
a couple rooms away from where the recruiter will drop him off at. The
recruitee has to kill the mob using whatever he has on him. If he succeeds to
poison the mob and kill the mob, he will get the experience from killing the
mob, coins, etc. like a normal mob and the mob will drop an object which the
recruitee can read and he can use to join the actual guild. If he fails, he
will lose his rogue guild object and will gain a new invis item preventing
the player from being able to become a Rogue again. The guild will be
based on PK highly. You must have PK set at ALL times. When you DON'T have PK
set, you will take a 75 hp hit every 2 heartbeats that it is not set. As you
progress through the levels, you will gain more abilities. You must use your
current abilities in order to gain new ones, though. The guild levels will be
based off of player levels. Once you become a Rogue, you are not allowed to be
in a party with anyone except for a Rogue and you are not allowed to join any
alliances. If you try to join a party with other people in it, it will auto destruct
and the same with alliances. There will also be no use of the 'wimpy' command.

Skills as of right now:
Level		Ability					Description
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15			Stealth					Invisible. Enables certain abilities.
15			Poisons					Apply poisons to your weapon
16			Sinister Strike			Basic Combat Move. Provides 1 combo point.
17			Eviscerate				A move which requires at least 1 combo point. More points, the higher it scales
19			Sap						Temporarily stun a mob making them take a LOT more damage
19+1		Vanish					Basic calm (makes them difficult to find and puts them back into STEALTH mode)
19+2		Backstab				A powerful stab in the back (Must be behind them (use within 2 heartbeats of Shadow Step) Provides 1 combo point.
19+4		Garrote					Applies a bleed to them (REQUIRES STEALTH) Provides 1 combat point.
19+6		Set Trap				Set different traps for intruders
19+8		Dual Wield				Wield two weapons at once
19+10		Shadowstep				Appear behind your enemy and deliver a high damage blow. (REQUIRES STEALTH)
19+12		Kick					A high damage kick to the (insert body part here) Provides 1 combat point.
19+14		Bladefury				Increase your attack speed, letting you hit up to three times per round (certain percent chance)
19+16		Pickpocket				Attempt to pickpocket someone (MOB ONLY) (Probably 500 + random(500) for a max of 1k and has a 50% chance of failure)


The way you advance:

When you first join, you're granted Stealth and Poisons.
You must USE your abilities in order for them to have a higher success chance
AND to gain new abilities.

So at 15 when you have Stealth and Poisons (Stealth will already be at 10/10)
you must have your poison on your weapon and everytime it successfully applies
to the monster or player that you're fighting, it will increase by 2 point. If
it fails, it will only increase by 1 point. Once your points reach 100, it will
successfully reach rank 1. Once it is 10/10 and you are at least level 16, you
will gain the next move (which in this case, will be Sinister Strike). For each
rank you will need 100 more than the last. So it'll follow this system:


Rank			TOTAL Amount of uses needed
------------------=============------------------
1					100
2					200
3					300
4					400
5					500
6					600
7					700
8					800
9					900
10					1000

Once you are guild maxxed (19+16 with Pickpocket) you then may
recruit others. Also, at 19+16, you will be able to do 'contracts'
with other players. The contract system will allow other players
to basically hire you as a hitman. You will type 'contract' and
a piece of paper will appear in your inventory. You will then 'note'
who the person would like you to kill, what they will pay and how
long they have to completely the job. Then you will give the player
hiring you the piece of paper in which they must 'sign contract'.
Once that contract is set into place, the Rogue MUST complete the
job within the alotted time frame or else the rogue will suffer
the consequences in which every bit of coins that they will try
to pick up will be destroyed and they won't be able to gain them
back at all.


Armor/Weapons:
The only armors/weapons that a Rogue will be able to use will be the
custom made Rogue armor that will be made. Will allow certain stats
to be raised above 30 such as ste, luc, dex, and wil. Weapons will 