Lobby

This small room is rather plain.  There are two sets of glass doors
on opposite sides, and the walls are bare.  The floor is polished to
a glossy shine, reflecting the bright lighting from the ceiling.  A
potted plant sits in one corner, adding a little decoration to the
otherwise empty room.

Hallway - lobby end

This long hallway has colorful pictures taped all over the walls.
There is a set of glass doors at this end of the hall that appear
to lead to a lobby.  On either side of the hallway there are
smaller, wooden doors with windows in them.  The floor is polished,
but here and there a scuff mark has resisted even the most vigorous
cleaning attempts.

Hallway - middle

This long hallway has colorful pictures taped all over the walls.
There are window-less wooden doors on either side of the hall.
Small silhouettes have been painted on each door.  The floor is
polished, but here and there a scuff mark has resisted even the
most vigorous cleaning attempts.
     NOTE: The silhouettes are of course one of a person in pants
           and one of a person in a dress

Hallway - playground end

This long hallway has colorful pictures taped all over the walls.
There is a set of glass doors at this end of the hall that appear
to lead outside.  On one side of the hallway there is a smaller,
wooden door with a window in it.  There is a sign posted on the
wall next to the door.  The floor is polished, but here and there
a scuff mark has resisted even the most vigorous cleaning attempts.
     NOTE: The sign on the wall reads "Teacher's Lounge"

Threes

The colors in this room are almost an assault to the senses.  Bright
posters hang all over the walls, and the floor space is filled with
shorter than average furniture.  One wall is covered in shelves,
which are filled with toys and books.  Above the shelves there is
a large banner which reads "Threes are the bee's knees!"  Another
wall has cubbies and coat hooks at one end.  In one corner there is
a neat stack of mats for nap time.
     NOTE: The posters would be of letters and numbers, and maybe
           some of manners.. likely containing favorite cartoon
           cartoon chars to make the kids think it's all fun.

Fours

The colors in this room are almost an assault to the senses.  Bright
posters hang all over the walls, and the floor space is filled with
shorter than average furniture.  One wall is covered in shelves,
which are filled with toys and books.  Above the shelves there is
a large banner which reads "Fours are FUN!"  Another wall has
cubbies and coat hooks at one end.  In one corner there is a neat
stack of mats for nap time.
     NOTE: The posters would be of letters and numbers, and maybe
           some of manners.. likely containing favorite cartoon
           cartoon chars to make the kids think it's all fun.

Little Girls' Room

This is a small room that has been painted all pink. Little flowers
have been painted on the top of the walls to give a little bit more
color to the room. On one wall are the sinks and across from them
are bathroom stalls, also painted pink.  The room is brightly lit,
and looks to be kept nice and clean for the children.
     NOTE: If you want to make note of the sinks and toilets being
           small and low, just add it to the items.  It was in the
           boys' room desc, but not this one.

Little Boys' Room

This is a small room that has been painted all white.  Along one
wall there is a row of sinks, and opposite those are the bathroom
stalls and urinals.  The room is brightly lit, and appears to be
kept nice and clean for the children.
     NOTE: Same note as the girls' room..  since I pulled the small
           size stuff from this long desc.  Or I suppose you could
           put it back, but I was kinda going for consistency from
           one bathroom to the other

Teacher's Lounge

This room has been painted a soft blue color to make it a very
relaxing environment. There is a table in the middle of the room
that is surrounded by chairs.  A coffee maker sits on a counter
beneath a small cupboard.  There is a refrigerator at one end of
the counter, and a television bolted to one wall.




9   4
7   3   8
5   2   6
    1