entrancehall.c
I honestly can't remember if I ever looked at this room to begin
with.  The "you" in here is ok.  My new standards allow that word
for the flow of the sentence, and in this case it's needed there.
It also doesn't assume anything the player is doing or feeling, and
is an accurate statement of exactly what kids do when someone gets
on the bus.
That being said, the long description is ok in this room, and now
that I come to think of it, I think I did check that out for you
before.
Add item descs for rows, seats, and bus driver.  I know there's one
for driver, but make it work for bus driver too please.  Someone did
try to look at bus driver and said they couldn't.
In the item desc for sign, when you changed it to two stops, you 
missed something..  It says "There is two.."  Should be There are.

outside1.c
Ok..  I know I gave you this room desc, and it's fine, but somehow
I didn't manage to tell you to add descs for a good number of the
nouns in the room.  Granted, some of them are minor, but I know I
made you add descs for things in other rooms.  I dunno how I missed these.  Add descs for sandbox, door, sand, and preschool.  I suppose
it couldn't hurt to add one for wheels too, but I won't harp on it.

outside2.c
This long desc is fine too..  I think most of the issues are in the
first few inside rooms, which are unfortunately the first anyone
sees.  But for here, add descs for equipment, maybe just something
about different types of it filling the surrounding area..  and add
one for monkey bars.

outside3.c
Add a desc for pegs, since it's a noun in the ladder desc.  I can
see why someone would call those pegs, though most would say stairs
or maybe rungs.  What you call them is up to you.  Just describe
them please..  *8)

outside4.c
I still like your swingset desc..  always have.. laff.  But I missed
some nouns in here too.  Add descs for pole, seat, and ground.  I
think we'll be ok skipping arch and top.  And in the desc for pole
it ought to be "keeps the equipment stable" or maybe holds..  not
supplies.

outside5.c
Add a description for tree to this room.  The long desc is fine,
though I wonder if some people might not like that it's a desc
of the playground piece you're standing near instead of the
playground itself.  I'll maybe ask around, and see what others
think of that..  but I don't see it as a problem..  shrug
For the items, there's contractions I missed in the descs of board
and seesaw.

outside6.c
Hmm..  I'm thinking maybe more of a description of this specific
treehouse instead of a definition of one would be nice.  After all,
I assume most people know what a treehouse is.  If you want me to
help you think of one, that's fine.  Also, there's a "you" in the
last sentance that could likely be written differently.  Maybe
"Searching through the treehouse might uncover some treasures hidden
by the kids."
Also add descs for treehouse and building, but of course only if you
keep those words in there.


Ok..  and now we come to the place where a lot of people walked in,
read it, and complained on the spot.  I know it was hard for you
to describe a place you never see, but let's try this again..  I'm
trying to think of a way to do this, because preschool kids don't
change classes.  I know you were trying to get to 15 rooms, but the
kids wouldn't go to a different room to nap.  They likely wouldn't
even have a different room for art, or for their toys.  Seeing as
how I've been in a few preschools more recently than you have, I
have a couple of suggestions.  If you do want to keep those rooms
as they are, I'll be more than happy to check them over for all the
things I missed or let slide.  But if you'd like to make it more
like a real preschool, here's my thoughts.

Kids in preschools are usually separated by age.  You'd have at least one classroom for three year olds and one for the four year
olds.  Within each room there are shelves of toys, tables, chairs,
colorful posters, and cubbies.  Cubbies is short for cubby-holes,
which are basically square openings, like where you put your shoes
when you play at McD's.  Kids can put boots there in winter, lunch
boxes, backpacks, etc.  Near the cubbies there are usually coat
pegs.  I know that right now the building consists of nine rooms.
If you have a classroom for each age, a boys' bathroom, a girls'
bathroom, a teachers' lounge, three hallway rooms, and a lobby area
there's nine.

                        Outside stuff
                              |
                     Lounge --|
                              |
                   Bathroom --|--Bathroom
                              |
                    Three's --|-- Four's
                              |
                            Lobby

It could look something like that..  with the hall rooms of course
between the classrooms, between the bathrooms, and next to the
lounge.  Please remember I am not asking you to re-do all your
rooms.  If you want to keep the ones you have, I'll send you changes
to get them to a point where people will stop complaining.  I only
suggested this because it's more like what an actual preschool would
look like.

Let me know what you want to do with that, and if you need any desc
help.  Of course the bathrooms and lounge are already there, though
they will need some changes I imagine.  The halls could look a lot
like the entrance you have now.  The walls there would be covered in
artwork for sure.  But please don't leave in the "to the left" and
"to the right".  When people are facing the other way, that would
change.

Again, I'm really sorry to do this, especially since it's my fault.
But if we can get this taken care of, it will only benefit the both
of us in the end.
