Ok..  other than what I already mailed you about there's one more general note
you do need to know.  If there's a noun in a room's long desc, the player
needs to be able to look at it.  There are a few that I let slide now and then
but for the most part it's got to be there.  It's just the way I was taught,
so deal..  *8)  I'll make a note of them where they need added.

outside1.c
Obviously refer to the mail I sent you.  You really can use that room desc, just
don't forget to add all the nouns to the items list.

outside2.c
Add a desc to the items list for "poles"

outside3.c
This one has a few more of the "you"s..  You continue and you notice..
Also add a desc for "ladder"

outside4.c
The long desc for this room is a bit confusing, and I don't even think it's a
proper sentance.  I did finally get the visual you were trying to create, with just
one swing rather than a whole set, and I had a go at writing it differently.  Again,
you can use this if you like.
     A metal pole, bent in two places, has been anchored into the ground here.  It
     looks a bit like an arch with a flat top.  Chains have been used to hang a swing
     from it.
If you do use that, make sure to add descs for the words pole, chains, and swing.

outside5.c
Add item descs for seesaw and for tree.  The one for seesaw can be exactly the same
as the one for board if you like.
I think also add the word "nearby" after "There is a ladder.." so it doesn't seem
like the ladder has something to do with the seesaw.  Though that one could just
be my opinion.

outside6.c
Most treehouses I've seen have windows.  So I would assume a player can see the ground,
tree, and branches from up there.  Keeping that assumption in mind, add item descs for
those words..  *8)
In the search string, I'm gonna try to make this make sense.  Laff.  "What would you like
to search for?" doesn't seem right because the proper string is "search treehouse"
and no one is searching FOR the treehouse.  I think it would make more sense if it
just said "What would you like to search?"
For the found message, if someone had no idea what they were looking for, "That has
already been found" would leave them thinking "What has?"  Maybe try, "There is nothing
here.  Maybe someone already took the kids' treasure."  Or maybe "The place looks like
it has been tossed already and anything of value is gone."

rm1.c
Add item descs for blocks and toys even though they're in the other room.  If you can
see them through the door you can exa them.
"for the schools needs"..  it needs to be "school's"..  possessive.
Also add an item desc for mats, which you can see through the door.

rm2.c
Add item descs for mats, floor, pillows, blankets, stereo, and shelf.  Ready to
kill me yet?  *8)
Check your item descs in this room..  Test and test this?  *8)

rm3.c
Add item descs for toys, trains, cars, blocks, and floor
Test is in there right now again

rm4.c
Add item descs for markings, walls, papers, and artworks
Test is in there for this room too

rm5.c
Add item descs for paper, numbers, wall, chalkboard, problem, calculators, crate,
shelves, and windows.  Now I know you wanna kill me..  grin
Test is in there again

rm6.c
Typo in the first word..  Smalls ought to be small..
Second sentance would sound better as "Each recorder has the initials of the owner
on it.."  Don't ask me why..  I just think that's more right..  *8)
Blackboard is one word
"have" should be "has" in the sentance about the blackboard.
Add item descs for chairs, floor, recorders, blackboard, and words.  Yes, even words.
Some of these are real simple to describe.  "Song lyrics written on the board with chalk"
Test is in your items list here too.

rm7.c
The third sentance should read "The sinks are fit lower to the ground so the students
can reach them."
Add item descs for sinks, urinals, and stalls.
Test again..  gee, were you testing something?  *8)

rm8.c
Add a period after the word pink.
In the second sentance remove the word "it" from after the word "give"
Add item descs for flowers, walls, sinks, and stalls
Test again

rm9.c
First sentance.  Change "give" to "make"..  it's more right when talking about
an environment.
Add descs for table, coffee maker, TV, and wall.
Test is in here again
The kids get outside by going through the teacher's lounge?  Overall, I doubt
this matters so much.  Just seemed odd to me.

Now, the items..  for all the items I have only one comment.  If I found
those items on the ground someplace I would never know a kid ever had
it, or that he stole it.  That makes sense for the person who killed the
kid, but if it was left lying around, no one would understand.  Just describe
the stuff.  Real general descs of that stuff will do.

studentkey.c
In his long desc it says "This kis is small"

studentlip.c
His race is adolescent?  He doesn't need a race, and if he had one it'd be
human I imagine.  And he's a toddler, surely not an adolescent.

studenttampon.c
Wow..  the first thing I have absolutely no comment to..  *8)

teacher.c
Her race is teacher?  Didn't know that was a race different than all the
rest of us..  grin
Check her alignment.  If you wanted her to be an evil teacher, I think you're
missing a minus sign in there..  laff
Ok..  all the rest is in her big speech about her troubles.
In case 1, teachers ought to be teacher
Case 5 needs a period after the word around.
Case 7 needs a period after the word moment.
Case 8 needs a comma after the word whispers.
Case 10 could use a "..." whatever that's called after the word these
Case 12 needs another of those after the word protrude
Case 15 needs a period after the word money.

All done..  and now I know ya hate me.. *8)
