v
I finally got the new, improved and recoded vampire guild object
finished and debugged today. It wasn't pretty, but it is much nicer
now. I've tried to put in annotations and comments to make it as easy
as possible to read through. I would encourage you to take a look at
it so that you have an idea of what it does.

As for direction, I wanted to make sure I knew how to do what needed
to be done before I started dreaming big. Rather, I wanted to make
sure I could remember enough to learn about what needed to be done.
After getting the guild object roughed out and slotted in, I have a
couple of streams of consciousness that I think we can follow toward
the end of revamping [pun intended] the guild.

The first and foremost is theme. The Vampires have always been a very
thematic guild and I think we should leverage that. To that end I
think reworking the help files can do some of that for us. We'll merge
the information along with the rhetoric. Might try to bone up on some
vampire mythology to squeeze in.

The second thing I think we can do easily is offer a pseudo-remort
option to our players. In any guild there isn't a lot to work toward
when you've reached the guild max and are just chugging away at extra
levels. To that end, I've come up with a situation to let them restart
at level 7 and start working up through the guild again. Why? you
might ask. To gain an edge in damage types and probably just as
important or more so - gain additional thematic elements.

The result is a guild where when you have reached guild max and then
say +50, you can start over at level 7 to attempt it all over again.
Only this time, you will get not only the spells you earned before,
but new versions of the old ones. The first round will closely mirror
the existing spell set with damage done in spell and blood. If they
choose to move on to the higher plane, they will gain access to other
avenues. I am tentatively thinking "Dire Vampires" which have a boost
in physical combat as one option, "Shadow Vampires" which gain stealth
and other spell abilities and finally "Spirit Vampires" which are the
culmination of both Dire and Shadow - allowing them to utilize some
additional spells and skills.

Along these lines, the third thing is we'd need to re-evaluate the
existing skill/spell set and see which one we want to keep, which to
discard, what area they would fall under, and what gaps needed to
filled in. There are likely to be areas where and existing skill set
is lacking and may be harder to work out. Those skills that are extant
in two or more parts of the guild will be available to both, with
perhaps a change in damage type for combat spells and
effectiveness/success for others.

Finally, I would like to bring back in some of the old crafting that
NOE and Nancy originally had in the guild. This could be everything
from basic armors and weapons, to later on specialized items that
could even be sold in a Vampire Store for other players to buy [and
generate residual income for the Vampires]. We could begin producing
and selling armors, weapons, heals, teleporters, you name it as demand
allows.

I think the possibility also exists for additional types to be added
later as we brainstorm and think about them. Energy Vampires?
TechnoVamps? Creative Vampires?

Monday, June 4, 2007 Vital
