From: eurale
Subj: rewards

Cc: (To: forbin) vertebraker,fred,fakir,pestilence,pain,mizan,vital,feldegast,wocket
Date: Nov  3 19:49

It's certainly worth a try.  Let's not start the 'bigger is better'
escalation of gear again, things are already pretty easy without upping
'special' gear for those that are already big.  Other than that, give
it try and see how things happen.

From: forbin
 Re:   rewards
Cc: (To: eurale) vertebraker,fred,fakir,pestilence,pain,mizan,vital,feldegast,wocket
Date: Nov  3 21:07

My thoughts were to keep the items under the acceptable 
items already available to players.  WC 18, AC 5 main or 2 
otherwise.  The main 'reward' is a custom long and short.
Something that not everyone else would have.  Maybe give it
a small weapon return or do_special - nothing overtly major,
just a little benefit.  I certainly don't believe the 'bigger
is better' routine, and wouldn't like to see that happen.

Just my thoughts, feel free to chime in,

From: vital
Subj: vendetta

Cc: (To: matrix) vital
Date: Nov 17 18:08

I realize you never log in here. That's ok. Maybe you'll get this
message though. I've been logging in just to tell you I've been
playing Vendetta-Online. It's a full featured, multiplatform,
mmorpg set in space. Mining, trading, combat... and it's actually
related to your ability and skill to accomplish things and not
just point and click.

anyway, that's all I had.
V

oh, www.vendetta-online.com

From: mizan
Subj: PORK CHOP SANDWICHES

Cc: (To: alexa) aingeal,puppy,mizan,illarion,khrell,pain,vertebraker,vital
Date: Nov 28 22:31

I wouldn't normally respond to this sort of drivel, but it was fun.
To the uninitiated, this started when i snooped Rick (Hogath) after a
hearing indirectly of a long series of trash talk about me, that had 
originated from him. I was rewarded within MINUTES of my login.

Alexa/Martha was involved here because she was talking to Rick. Please
consult Illarion if you want a neutral 3rd party opinion on this, as he
started snooping me (i think) midway through.

As per the norm, my snoop logs reside in /players/mizan/logs/snoop, with
everything that i do naturally recorded in ./mizan

>Mizan - I just wanted to know how much longer this char was going
>to be snooped?  Also I was wondering WHY I am being snooped?
Because i forgot to remove it. Also you happened to be talking to Rick
at the time, so you became a 'splash target' so to speak.

>I have done nothing illegal, I don't cheat, I do nothing that is
>wrong, other than talking to Rick and his assorted chars, and
>there is nothing else I can really think of that I do. 
Other than talking shit about me, granted that isnt illegal, but tell me
that if you were in the same situation seeing someone talking shit about
you that no interest would be taken, and that you would NOT BE CURIOUS
as to why so much shit about yourself was being flung... I think not :)

>My conversations with Rick should be of no concern to anyone else on
>here, why they would be is beyond me.  
Using your own words about me... 'What ego! What does she think SHE IS?'
'Is SHE THAT IMPORTANT?'

(continued, next msg)

From: mizan
 Re:   snoops
Cc: (To: alexa) mizan,aingeal,puppy,vital,pain,khrell,illarion,guest
Date: Nov 28 22:33

>You said you wanted people to come straight to you if they had an
>issue, so that is what I am doing.
About time goddamnit. I wonder how much shit talking you had done in the
past. At least i am glad you admitted to me on wiz the other day with other
people present that you were egging rick on.

>  However, I feel that by snooping
>me for no good reason, you are doing what so pisses you off.
--so sarry.--

>You could have come to me if you had an issue with something you think
>I may or may not be doing.
Pardon me, but i don't know exactly how to start a conversation in response
to that.
Mizan: "Hey, i noticed you've been talking a lot of shit about me lately
        behind my back and i guess you're right. Let's chat".
-or-
As Guest: "You know you're right, Mizan is a cocksackie and i hate him too.
          I agree with you, he's got a big ego, lets fuck him up behind his
          back, nigga!"

>These types of things are what drive players away.  
And spreading shit about other wizzes behind their backs solves everything?
Wowie-zowie, sign me the fuck up.

>Not comments made
>on an open channel or in a private chat.  I have played here for 
>years.
If you want a truly private chat, use UNIX talk over an SSH connection.
Anyone that believes a MUD is truly private for a chat- i've got some
Microsoft Internet Explorer Security patches to sell you.
This is a connection to SOMEONE ELSE'S COMPUTER over an unencrypted
TELNET session, on a completely unsecured medium. I don't understand this
'private' thing you speak of.
(continued, to part 3)


From: mizan
 Re:   snoops
Cc: (To: alexa) pain,illarion,mizan,khrell,vital,fishnugget,aingeal,puppy
Date: Nov 28 22:34

>I had only one char for a long time, then decided to wiz that
>char.  I now regret it because I think it has caused more problems
>than pleasure for me. 
Please elaborate on this. I would like to know what you specifically mean by
that. I thought things were peachy until i realized you were one of the people
jawing shit about me. Okay, so you said that you 'just agreed with rick to
make him feel better' or something to that effect. Well, that's just lame, imo.

> I enjoy coding, but I do not enjoy the bullshit
>that comes along with it.
Please elaborate on said bullshit. Are wizards not helping you with technical
issues? Are wizards forcing you to code things you dont want? Is it just that
coding is fun, but testing and debugging is boring? Please explain.
This is all news to me!

>  I never had an issue with you, but if I
>am going to be snooped for doing nothing wrong, I do have an issue with that.
Refer to the top, where i talked about not being able to resist seeing why
another wizard is talking shit about me, and trying to figure out what the hell
is going on.

>I know you choose to not be level 200 or whatever, but you still have a lot
>of the abilities that upper level wizzes have, such as snooping. 
The snooper i use is commonly available code. Even Data had a copy of it. I was
giving it out to other wizards to use. I dont know why suddenly you have moral
issues with it now, as i recall giving you and mishtar a copy on the same day.

(continued to part 4)

From: mizan
 Re:   snoops
Cc: (To: alexa) aingeal,newbie,puppy,pain,illarion,khrell,vital,neckface
Date: Nov 28 22:35

> If I
>was doing something wrong, snoop away, but the people I choose to speak 
>with on here is not a valid reason to snoop me.  Or is it?  I won't
>stop talking to the people I talk to because others don't like it. 
Yawn. What's the point here?

>Look at how many people, including upper level wizzes, still talk to
>Reflex.  Do they get this kind of grief? 
I was not aware that other 'upper level wizzes' still talk to reflex.
I for one would not want to risk being associated with that cocksmoking code
thief. The fact that he is a fucking moron also helps too.
I wont even bother to ask who, since it isnt my business- just verte's and boltar's
and you havent backed up this claim anyhow.

> I am very frustrated that the
>place I come to for entertainment is turning into a place I now want
>to avoid because I feel like every move I make is being logged.  I don't
>do anything that I care if you see, I am not a mudsex freak, I don't 
>cheat, etc.  However, if I want to speak freely about things in my personal
>life, I don't feel that is anyone else's business.  If I wanted others to know,
>I would have told them myself.  Do you see where I am coming from?
This mud isn't truly private. Raw telnet means unencrypted packets floating
across the interweb for anyone who is host inline to see.

Do you see where I am coming from?

(continued, on part 5)

From: mizan
 Re:   snoops
Cc: (To: alexa) vital,illarion,khrell,mizan,ronartest,pain,aingeal,puppy,benwallace
Date: Nov 28 22:35


>I dont' want to have conflict with you.  All I want to know is if I am 
>going to continue to be snooped without good cause.  I just want this
>to be a fun place to be again. Thanks for listening.
>Alexa/Martha
I'm sorry but its too late. It hurts me that you chose to mindlessly trash talk
me for no reason, other than to 'placate rick' and just go with the flow.
What kind of bullshit is that?

In my simple definition of what a friend is and is not, you simply don't qualify.
Now i don't expect you to sing my praises to Rick/Hogath and convert him to the
High Church of Mizanism, but simply going along and agreeing with him about how
much of an inflated ego freak i am is not what friends do with other friends.

"Do you see where I am coming from?"

So on that note, please fuck off. And if this place annoys you so much, please
do us a favor and not come here anymore. In case you haven't noticed or figured
out, i'm not pissed because of the snoop or privacy issues here, i'm disappointed
in you since i did nothing to harm you, and you seem to get some enjoyment taking
me out. I dont care if this place has 0 active wizplayers or not, but life is 
entirely too short to be dealing with ditzy backstabbing cunts like you.

Thurber's Corrolary: "Anyone who makes an argument on a public server about the 
                      importance of privacy has automatically lost. Period."

G.R.
-miz



From: mizan
Subj: sponsorship

Cc: (To: tyr) boltar,pain,mizan,vertebraker,fakir,fred,vital,illarion
Date: Dec  3 13:47

It has been brought to my attention that i am being accused of tarnishing
Tyr's name so he would not be able to wiz on nirvana. Well to set the record
straight i categorically deny any smear campaign about you and am not
the evil fuck you have made me out to be in order to keep you from wizzing.

What i have done however is the following.
1) Told senior wizzes that you have an elysium wiz char (entropy). This is
  something you told me yourself, remember- and as pretty much everyone on
   here in the wiz ranks knows, elysium is not exactly a friendly
   mud to this place. There is standing documentation and rule policty
   about people who choose to keep active wizzes on both muds. At least on
   Nirvana, you really should not be maintaining an active wiz char on
   elysium. 
2) That being said, i did make fun of the sample code you sent me once in
   mail. Look, i'm freely admitting that. You sent me something that
   has lots of ANSI graphics but no real substance whatsoever in terms of
   an innovative monster that utilizes logical structures and algorithms
   to do something interesting. Cases in point, would be Boltar's reproducing
   squirrels, or that shithot monster in Forbin's realm that mutates.

So say what you will if you consider point number 2 to be character
assassination, but i categorically deny any of the things you have been telling
other players (me doing a mailin campaign to stop you from wizzing as one
example) and the changing of your ranger color to 'whine'. Again, i denied that
and it is addressed in another mail that was sent to tyr and boltar.

This is just for the record, for those of you who may be reading.
I love taking the credit or blame for things i have done but want no part
in anything that does not involve me. Woot.
-miz

From: hercules
Subj: Go Go Power Wiz!

Date: Dec  4 06:40

Hey,
I C u r officialy the rangers 2nd wiz
cool
:-)
c u around,
Hercules,the green ranger

From: tyr
 Re:   sponsorship
Cc: (To: mizan) boltar,pain,mizan,vertebraker,fakir,fred,vital,illarion
Date: Dec  6 14:49

Ok, here we go...
As for the whine color issue, I appologize
shouldnt have assumed it was you. My bad.
As for this "mail campaign" Don't know what you are
talking about with that one. Appearantly the whole
situation has been blown way out of proportion.
As for Elysium, yeah I had a char there. Boring place.
Quit there before I tried to wiz here, think what you want.

As for that sample code I sent you, being a VB "programmer" that was
sent to you as my first mud object. Just for critique.
Didnt realize that my worth as a player or wiz would be 
based upon that. 
Anyways I dont really care. Im done with the mudding. Would have
been nice to do some programming and actually LEARNING how
to do it, but it aint in the stars.

Have fun and take it as you will,
Tyr

Sorry about the formatting, in telnet with local echo off.

From: illarion
Subj: message system

Date: Dec 15 11:37

I understand you've been working on a boardless message system.  Sounds 
very cool. If you haven't done much with the text editing side of it yet, 
you may want into looking /bin/user/text_edit.c 
 
It handles all the basic text editing, and then returns the final string to 
the object and function you specify. 
 
Ill 

From: illarion
Subj: type

Date: Dec 15 11:38

Sorry, the text editor object is in /obj/user/text_edit.c 

From: sundin
Subj: Ranger Char Cleanup

Cc: roland
Date: Feb 23 16:43

We have recently begun to get interest in joining the Rangers again since i 
have been back now. I did a quick finger of players that are in the guild 
taking up spots that can be used and found 4 that no longer exist, and I 
believe 3 that have not logged on since 2002. Would it be possible to make 
some room for those who do still play and would like to try the best guild 
on the mud? 
 
 The Brandy Ranger! (Sundin)  

From: hercules
Subj: Zord attacks

Cc: (To: beck) vital
Date: Mar 26 13:35

Hi Beck, 
Cortez just died to a zord... 
since we were 3 rangers,we're not sure who's zord attacked him or why... 
anyhow,I'd like to send u email with the log of the fight,maybe u can explain what happend there ? 
and,if we can have "fix" and "control" commands , or something of sort,to gain control of the zords when they go beserk... 
like heel for pet or something... 
urs, 
The Green Ranger 

From: catalina
Subj: hny

Date: May  8 22:20

hope u are ok! 
Love Cat 

From: hercules
Subj: zords

Cc: (To: beck) vital
Date: May 31 21:03

Hi B. 
due to the latest attacks of shards on our npc's and then following us around attacking our zords 
I think it's about time we had some way to either aid the zord in battle 
(since it is after all part of the ranger we are) 
or have some kind of heal in the zord (machine) lvl... maybe with cost of power ? 
I dont know,just thinking ideas... 
It's annoying and immpossible to keep normal game when bunch of shards morons keep trying to kill my zord 
since they trying to drag me to pk fight... 
Urs, 
Hercules,the green ranger 

From: martha
 Re:   questions
Date: Jun  4 19:57

Vital!! How I have missed you!!  Welcome back ;) 
I am in the middle of working on the 2nd installment of 
my area.  This part is based on the board game Clue. 
I have a few ideas, but am clueless as to how to do them. 
One of the questions I have is with regards to a  
 
"secret passageway". Would I just make that another exit 
in the room? Or is there some other way I need to do it? 
I have all of my rooms done, as well as my MOBS... 
I am having much difficulty with my weapons/armor :( 
I fear I lack creativity and imagination when it comes to 
armors and weapons.  I have ideas for them, perhaps I will 
email those to you and you can tell me if they are ok or 
not before I attempt to code them.  I can code anything but 
weapons and armor.  I am not sure why they are so hard for me! 
Thanks again, 
Your faithful and semi-hard-working student, 
Martha 

From: x
Subj: shardak gwizes

Cc: (To: pestilence) khrell,caelin,vital,laera
Date: Jun 27 23:07

all shard wizes have been removed temporarily. i'm going to be 
recoding part of the guild. 
 

From: sundin
Subj: Reptile

Cc: (To: beck) vital
Date: Jul 18 01:23

On frequent occasions Reptile has shown he has no desire to be part of the team. He insults and smacks Rangers on a frequent basis and wastes power so there is none left for others. He has been asked to stop on MULTIPLE occasions and still does not listen. It is the wish of this LONG time Ranger and several other Rangers that do still play and love the guild that he be removed for the survival of the guild. I know neither of you are on that much anymore and are unable to see this, but it happens very frequently. It would be greatly appreciated if you were to remove him or at least take away his powers untill he learns to act like a Ranger like we all have for years. There are several wizzes on right NOW who can even back all of this up. Thanks :o) 
The Brandy Ranger - Sundin 

From: kinshin
Subj: death

Cc: **
Date: Aug  9 09:07

1 ]1 ]<<<<  HP 257/316 SP 145/319 I 0% F 0% S 0% T 0%  >>>> 
hps before i started fight 
attack masakado 
You attack Masakado with your BroadSword of Heroes! 
Kinshin's form  B L U R S ! 
You hit Masakado hard. 
You massacre Masakado to small fragments. 
->> vi 
You massacre Masakado to small fragments. 
->> u 
You are flung back into the wall by the wind! 
 
The mists within the shield cry out and a small tear breaks loose! 
     ....BLOOD GUSHES.... 
Masakado is sliced open by the blade of Kinshin's skate. 
 
               BLOOD splatters everywhere. 
 
 
You feel very weak as your badly damaged body falls to the ground to die. 
Your intelligence is now 29 
 
 
                                   You die. 
                          You have a strange feeling. 
                  You can see your own dead body from above. 
                       setting hit points to 1/3 max.... 

From: x
Subj: vital / rangers

Cc: (To: boltar) boltar,vital
Date: Aug 10 16:51

hey, Vital is going to make some changes in the ranger guild 
as it is suffering from serious glitches, bugs, unimplemented code 
and so forth. Beck had his panties in a bunch about 4 years ago 
when we tried to update the guild to be more "legal", so just 
giving you a heads up in case he comes online to throw a tantrum. 
Which is unlikely considering I don't know the last time I've 
seen him on Nirvana in any capacity for more than 2 minutes. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: dude

Date: Aug 11 20:47

dude don't use other|zord .. use 
other|electric or other|laser :P 
 

From: hercules
Subj: Bling Bling

Date: Aug 12 05:16

Hi V 
I guess the "Bling number 1" msg i get when i start a fight is one of ur tests... 
but what is it and why there's only 1 bling ? what happened to bling 2,3 etc... ? :) 
yours, 
the trying-2-improve-the-guild green ranger 

From: x
 Re:   martha promo
Date: Aug 14 13:15

excellent. planned to do that anyway 

From: x
 Re:   dude
Date: Aug 14 13:15

hehe 

From: hercules
Subj: Zord

Date: Aug 17 22:57

Hi V 
is it possible to add the ranger's name to the zord so when we look at it we know which zord we're looking at ? 
just a thougt, 
the green ranger 

From: vertebraker
Subj: generic wc bonus

Date: Aug 18 21:34

instead of blocking "kill" for the rangers, 
why don't we add an id of generic_wc_bonus to the 
ranger object, add a gen_wc_bonus func like this: 
 
gen_wc_bonus() { 
  object atk; 
  if(atk = (object)environment()->query_attack()) { 
    if(atk->query_alignment() > 0) return -1000; 
  } 
} 

From: vital
 Re:   generic wc bonus
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Aug 19 10:37

thus if they are attacking something 'good' they don't 
fight it so well? Is that what we're looking at here? 
 
vital 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   generic wc bonus
Date: Aug 21 01:52

nah. i am retarded. 
forget about it. you do a good enough job. 
that was poorly thought out 
basically i want to delete the rangers and in my rashness 
i pretended i wanted to help them 
apparently this charade was conducted unconsciously 

From: hercules
Subj: mmmm

Date: Aug 22 07:21

1. why the hell did u leave 2 centers ??? 
2. lex said u r looking for way for us to c our alignment when morphed... 
I use the mon,u know,like in battle,it has the alignment parameter in it 
I just dont remember the line i used to make it... 
if u can post a note with the command line, 
it will do the trick. 
just a thought, 
The green ranger 

From: hercules
Subj: alignment

Date: Aug 22 07:30

eh, 
NM that mon thing in the previous mail,i got it... posted note on globe 
Yours, 
The green ranger 

From: vertebraker
Subj: check out

Date: Aug 22 20:35

check out ~beck/Rangers/RangerCommunicator 
 
#include was causing mad save_object/restore_object 
problems due to access... so now it just hands it off for now 

From: hercules
Subj: HELP!

Cc: **
Date: Aug 23 21:09

Vital! 
where did u go ? 
leaving me (and the guild) up in no where? 
other than zord, i cant donate.... and god knows if there r other bugs 
get us back in killing shape. 
Yours, 
The green testing ranger 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mud changes to invis

Cc: (To: forbin) fred,vital
Date: Aug 24 02:34

what changes to the mud's invisible ability would you guys 
recommend? i was thinking removing all invisible players 
from all who listings, period 
 
i don't mean disabling laptops and such though 

From: vertebraker
Subj: herc

Date: Aug 24 02:41

 
02:40:38 Hercules tells you: help! 
02:40:56 Hercules tells you: save us from vital! 

From: vertebraker
Subj: donate

Date: Aug 24 02:42

 Error in loading object Current object was 
players/cosmo/Rangers/Commands/Donate, line 14 "RangerPower" in 
"players/vital/Rangers/RangerCommunicator.c" ("players/vital/Ra 
ngers/RangerCommunicator#27204") line 338 "RangerPower" in 
"players/cosmo/Rangers/Commands/Donate.c" ("players/cosmo/Range 
rs/Commands/Donate") line 28 

From: vertebraker
Subj: prev error

Date: Aug 24 02:44

 
i went ahead and fixed the prev error for you, 
cosmo's donate command was pointing to Beck's defs 
still 

From: vertebraker
Subj: Zord

Date: Aug 24 02:58

I made Zord work again.. you were trying to switch the str 
I also made Beck's Zord.c inherit out of your dir 
rather than #include to track down the error. 
You should consider doing that instead ;) 
 
It wasn't doing anything at all cause Beck's file had 
to be updated too, not just yours ;) 

From: hercules
Subj: new show : Where in the world are the rangers ?

Cc: vertebraker
Date: Aug 24 03:17

Hi V. 
dont know if u've noticed,but the rangers NPC's are gone... 
if u took them for update or something, put the originals back till u finish plz. 
remember , we need them to advance....  
if u didnt, well, here's another bug ;) 
Yours, 
the green test ranger 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   new show : Where in the world are the rangers ?
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Aug 24 18:42

they're probably back now 

From: vital
Subj: out

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Aug 25 01:08

thanks for the help w/ the Rangers. I've had several real things  
come up in the last couple of days that have kept me from doing  
much more than glance at the Rangers, or any other code for that  
matter. And, as par for the course, it couldn't have come at a 
worse time during the switch. Bleh. Bleh. 
 
Catch you later today I hope. 
little v. 

From: hercules
Subj: wrong fabric

Date: Aug 25 15:42

I just got the fabric msg, 
while walking in the park and the soccerdilo popped. 
i think it's related to the enemy pop. 
yours 
the green test ranger 

From: hogath
Subj: rick

Date: Aug 26 09:52

rick appears to be broken... 
can't log him in or finger him.... 
not sure if you are able to fix that or not... 

From: vertebraker
Subj: don't forget to vote daily!

Date: Aug 27 03:25

VOTE DAILY! 
 
       http://www.topmudsites.com/cgi-bin/topmuds/rankem.cgi?id=nirvana 

From: angel
Subj: introduction

Cc: **
Date: Aug 27 10:47

Hello, I wanted to introduce myself to you.  On Nirvana my name is Angel.  I have been playing Nirvana since 1993 and I have stayed active since 2000.  Currently in real life I am a 33 year old non-traditional college student in my senior year.  On Nirvana I am seeking to become an Active Wizard.  I love being a part of Nirvana and want to have a larger impact on the world of Nirvana.  I would like the opportunity contribute to Nirvana in many ways.  I want to create new mobs, weapons, armors, areas, and guilds.  I would also help in any aspect of the operations of the game as a whole where needed.  Before returning to college I was a store manager with Wal-Mart for 10 years.  As a store manager I had to make all the decisions in an 18 million a year store with over 150 associate.  I was responsible for all the associate issues and customer's issues which I feel have given me a good hand at discerning issues.  I tell you this so that you will know that I am serious about becoming a Wizard and that I am capable of holding responsible positions.  Any questions you may have feel free to ask, I will answer any and all.  I look forward to talking with you more about this.  Thank you for your time and consideration.   
Angel :) 

From: vital
Subj: access

Cc: (To: martha) vital
Date: Aug 27 12:04

I gave you access to all of my files. Anything under /players/vital you can 
read/write to. Mail me if you make any changes. 
 
oh yeah, why - I think you'll be very useful and I want to keep you 
interested in coding and helping me. I also want to see if you are 
trustworthy with important things. 
 
If you are interested in helping out with the Rangers I want you to be able 
to do so. Feel free to check out all of the files under 
/players/vital/Rangers and try to make sense out of them. 
Vital 

From: vertebraker
Subj: tristian

Date: Aug 28 04:36

What do you think about making Tristian 40? 
He wants it so he can use examples, he is doing a lot 
more coding now 
 
Just curious on your input on him 

From: rick
Subj: heh

Date: Aug 28 19:13

not getting combat emotes when i fight and i don't seem to do dmg 
 
rick 

From: vertebraker
Subj: making combat more dynamic

Cc: (To: forbin) fred,vital
Date: Aug 28 23:15

bolts has temporarily approved some ideas i had in regards 
to making combat more dynamic for higher level mobs (20+), sorta 
auto abilities that they gain with each mob level over 20, 
i was thinking stuff like: 
 
Running after Fleeing Players within the same Area 
Stealing corpses 
Wielding/wearing dead players' eq if it's better, 
Using dead players' heals 
Switching targets to kill the smallest players first 
Being uncalmable 
Taunting players on gossip, etc., when they flee 
Taking bags on the ground [if players are trying to take 
 heals out of them, i.e. Duncan] 
 
hmm, not sure what else, what do you guys think? 
Can you try to brainstorm some more general powers like 
these? 
 
p.s. If the mob would run after fleeing players within 
  the same area, i.e. the Robin Hood part of Phantasm, 
  it would return to its original location once it couldn't 
  chase the player any longer. 

From: fred
Subj: Than

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,zeus,forbin,francesco
Date: Aug 29 16:02

Than approached me about becoming a wiz. 
 
Than tells you: i realize i've had a shaky background im looking 
to wiz.. i would like to work out a agreement to sacrifice my chars 
and eq just for this char to be a wiz just hoping i can talk to 
someone in a civilized manner. 
 
I really don't know Than that well but figured maybe some of you  
guys might since he's been jailed a few times for cheating or 
whatnot.  Just thought I'd see what the rest of you thought  
about it. 
Fred 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   Than
Cc: (To: fred) vital,zeus,forbin,francesco
Date: Aug 29 18:44

No. 
I told Southstar I wouldn't be willing to wiz him until he goes 
for at least a few months without cheating, heh. 

