From: vertebraker
Subj: news poster

Date: Oct  2 03:57

the news poster doesn't actually cancel your message 
when you ~q out of it. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: addendum

Date: Oct  2 03:58

it just posts the header and writes a 0 as a message. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: list

Date: Oct  2 04:03

list the posts in inform.combat 
 
Notice the headers corrupting on the menu? 
 
[1]  Date: Fri Jun 25 Subj: Disconnects During Combat      Author: Boltar       
[2]  Date: Fri Jun 25 Subj: Legends PK Tracker             Author: Earwax & Jar 
[3]  Date: Wed Sep 28 Subj: Certain Weapons                Author: Vertebraker  
[4]  Date: Sun Oct2 0 Subj: XP tweaks on some big mobs     Author: Vertebraker  
[5]  Date: Sun Oct2 0 Subj: attack modifications           Author: Vertebraker  

From: vertebraker
Subj: also

Date: Oct  2 04:06

also, if you don't mind, please index the changes 
in the Changes room down from the advance guild. 
 
I'd like to get rid of that board and just use the 
news system. I love it :^) 

From: vital
Subj: help docs

Cc: (To: lacar) vital
Date: Oct  2 07:30

How's the progress coming on the help docs? 
--Vital 

From: earwax
Subj: noob stuff - random thoughts

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,earwax
Date: Oct  2 09:00

I was walking around looking for a sheep to make bowlegged and i 
had some thoughts regarding noob helpers and noobs in general 
none of these are particularly fleshed, but just thought i'd toss 
them out there for your perusal... 
 
Salvation army box, (poly tug, anything of that nature) - when 
something is stuck in there, set its value to 0, saveability to 
non (except that it can be stored back into the tug, whatever) 
-This way shit doesn't get yanked as sellage 
 
set noob helpers to track xp given to noobs in parties....ie, if 
upus parties up a noob and supplies them with a mil exp, it says 
ooh, upus got this noob a mil exp, let's log it!  (because we don't 
have enough logs)....info might be good later on down the road for 
something i wanna do, i need more thoughts on it, and thinking is 
difficult. 
 
noob helper clanhall kinda dohickey, was thinking mebbe make it an 
addendum to the hall of apprentices or something, or a standalone 
type deal....a little board in there, a non-resetting room, etc 
 
a way for noobs to do feedback on noob helpers and everything in 
general, yeah i know they can mail, etc, but if they had a command, 
or something pop up when they went to gain a level from 8 to 9,  
say hey, what'd you think of noob helpers, did you receive help, or 
what could they do different, anything to add, mail verte, earwax, 
vital, anyone with a pulse, etc 
 
a 'true noob' flag.....ie, if they logon as a true noob, put that 
flag in there for noob helpers to see, i KNOW that's a bad thing in 
the eyes of rp, but come on now, what's rp here....and i don't 
think players would mind so much, cuz hey, noob helpers are really 
lowbie helpers too, *I* know that this guy i'm dragging is prolly  
an alt, but fuckit....it'd just be nice to see at a glance, so that 
if you see someone who's a true noob, or listed as one you can make 
that extra effort to say hey, anything i can help you with, or any 
questions feel free to ask me or use the 'newbie line' .... 
when you see 5 level 1s, you don't really do that individually... 
but if one of them were to have that flag you would i'd hope 
 
in noob helper hall, could have info on suggested gear, (is what 
board would be good for) perhaps a 'condensed suggested gear list)  
or something to be given to noobs....ie, trident of war (on rock 
in rift/ryllian/saber's area) is a really good weapon for noobs,  
BECAUSE .... it heals you up real good when you fight)....or the  
following are unbreakable weapons (which are my favorites to give 
to noobs, they got enough to learn about without fucking with having 
to sharpen and coin for sharpens) 
 

From: earwax
Subj: more noob stuff

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,earwax
Date: Oct  2 09:02

lowering of standards for regen items 
too much emphasis on heals, let's open it up for regens....there is 
no valid reason in my eyes to keep regens so damn limited....maybe 
there was 10 years ago, but the mud was a lot different 10 years ago 
 
consolidated noob areas....i'd like to see perhaps 'noob portals'  
in the entrances/exits to noob areas....instead of doing the 50 dirs 
to get to/from mash privates or ryllian bandits or trix babies, or 
mael's castle stuff, noobs could just kinda zip through....HOWEVER 
i would only like to see that for the lowest level stuff, part of  
game is starting to learn your way around, it's just extremely  
frustrating at first....i can remember personally trying to find my 
way back from the bandits....it SEEMS simple, but it's not as easy  
just reversing the dirs, you make a wrong turn and you end up in  
strange places....think I died as a semi-true-noob (years ago of  
course) when i started playing again....i imagine anyone who's a 
completely true noob has as well, just finding their way to/from the 
noob areas 
OR have a noob-area-emporium....hell, just house it all under one  
room - it'd require taking some of those areas out of regular wiz  
areas, but why not....i'm sure many would be willing, plus those 
wizzes (there are a ton of them) who ONLY coded a noob/lowbie area 
and then nothing after, well....why not just stick them in one spot 
and free up that backbone space for something a little more involved 
and open to other chars 
 
cheat-sheet ... now, there's all sorts of ways to get dirs to noob 
areas or to things of interest, but nothing consolidated or simple 
to use/take with....how about a 'cheat sheet' or help file for it 
simply listing what, and dirs.....ie 'bandits: 5e,3n,w,step rift, 
2w,enter...blah' and then DIRS TO RETURN from it 
once again, i remember filtering through the list of dirs for noob 
areas and getting frustrated.... 
 
noob 'word of recall' yeah....dikus suck for most part, but that is 
a nice thing on them 
the noob school for godwars muds is also something that's nice or 
worth logging onto one just to take a look....maybe it's rom muds in 
general (diku derivatives essentially) but i'm pretty sure the  
godwars variety all have noob schools 
 
faq - noob variety, intermediate player variety and bigger player  
variety 
 
it'd be nice if all that was on the website....how about offering 
one of the non-coding type wizzes the opportunity to start putting 
this (and other similar type info) on the website as well....i've  
seen muds with good websites and it really helps attract people to 
the muds...medievia's is incredibly thorough if i remember right 

From: earwax
Subj: more noob stuff

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,earwax
Date: Oct  2 09:05

base gear....why NOT give them base gear....come on, that's shit 
in hall of apprentices, with the inflation here, why NOT give them 
something different....this i've heard from some good players 
as well 
 
noob hostels.....storage is probably one of the most frustrating 
things as a noob....you sit there and say hey, i got this stuff, it 
seems really cool but how do i keep it 
it's frustrating as hell, if you don't know the game, believe me 
 
regarding storage: why not open up more lockers or storage....make 
it 1k for first 3 items, 5k for next 3 lockers, 10k for each after 
that, or something... no limit 
even the casa de nirvy gets real expensive real fast for low levels 
especially ones who can only logon for a few hours a weekend or  
whatnot.... 
 
when they die at < lvl 6 stuff stays on them?  
 
< lvl 9 logon and get issued stuffs every logon?  unbreakable noob 
wpn perhaps?  
 
coins for errands and other things.... 
on other muds there's noncombat things that noobs can do for cash 
ie, there's a quest on one particular mud that requires 'stump  
standers' .... to get into area you need two other people with you, 
so the practice used to be to hire standers....people who would 
go to that area to allow you to get in...easy way to make some quick 
cash....things of that nature would be nice, ... haven't thought it 
out any further than that 
 
-------------- 
anyways, i'm sorry this dragged on so far, had a lot more coming 
to mind as i went through, feel free to forward this beast, or a 
condensed version, to any/all the noob helpers for their feedback 
as well, or other wizzes for that matter.... 
 
it's just random shit, some of it's worth some thought at least i 
think tho....anyways, it's a start :) 
 
-wax 

From: lacar
Subj: Waiting on Fred

Date: Oct  2 14:50

I got them all done. Was waiting to see if Fred was going to reply. 
If not hear from him by Monday will zip up and send them back. 
Lady Of Roses Lacar 

From: vertebraker
Subj: news reader

Date: Oct  3 10:22

need a check so people can't read news > sizeof groups 
i.e. trying to go to 15 bugs out. 

From: vital
Subj: Wiz Boards

Cc: (To: v) vital
Date: Oct  3 15:51

The relevant posts from the wiz boards have been moved to the 
newsgroups. I left a few out, as they just didn't seem important 
enough to immortalize. If you think they need to go in, feel 
free to go ahead and put them in. 
 
I'm going to catch some shut-eye, catch you later. 
little v. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: wizings

Cc: fred,francesco
Date: Oct  4 20:41

Ok, 
 
We all know the quest system is a P.O.S. in its 
current form. We need to *eventually* go thru the quests 
and update them, remove the crappy ones [like Heroin's], and 
also try to tie in multiple areas to some of the quests so 
they are not so boring. 
 
In any case, I talked to Bolts about insta-wizzing long-term 
players who haven't had any problems. 
 
He is cool with it. I was wondering if you guys had any 
suggestions. 
 
Secondly, what the rule will be is that we all have tro 
agree to candidates by unanimous approval. Bolts gets 
the final veto. 
 
Here are my current picks: 
 
Storm [for content, he's coded before] 
Jatar [for guild balance, he plays tons and has coded] 
Lacar [can help with player affairs, help files, area approval] 
Star [area approval, writing skills, etc] 
 
I'm working on a job system thing that will be up soon. 
Basically I want to put wizards to work in multiple areas. 
Let me know what you think of my picks. 

From: vital
Subj: symbio, et al..

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,fred,francesco
Date: Oct  5 17:44

Yah, can't say I really have any issues with any of them overall. I would 
refrain from the earlier mistakes of putting deadlines on them, as all we 
really accomplished was some last minute, hurried code. 
 
So it's ok, for those to all wiz by me. little v. vital,fred,francesco 

From: vertebraker
Subj: sparkle

Cc: stardream,fred
Date: Oct  6 16:11

i removed the bug from Sparkle. 
she doesn't do anything wrong [here at least]. 
i am still skeptical of her IM activities. 
but she seems very honest in her desire to help 
nirvana and has respect for us. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: document man

Date: Oct  6 17:18

Yo, document man. 
 
What should we want for the standard help file format? 
 
I know we need a "SEE OTHER" category. 
 
Can you design a template ? 

From: fred
 Re:   sparkle
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,stardream,fred
Date: Oct  6 17:29

Whew....thanks!  She was the worst one to read through 
logs on =) 
 
Frep 

From: earwax
Subj: re: using strict types

Date: Oct  7 04:29

Oh, seeing someone on here using #pragma strict_types damn near gave 
me wood, lemme tell you :)  I *****H*A*T*E***** non-casted shit. 
 
:) 
 
-dave 

From: vital
 Re:   re: using strict types
Cc: (To: earwax) vital
Date: Oct  7 05:10

laf, you and the wood. did you declare that wood before initializing it? 

From: vital
Subj: wax promo

Cc: (To: vertebraker) fred,francesco,boltar,earwax,vital
Date: Oct  7 05:13

Promo'd 'wax for time served with good behavior. Housing, lib stuff, etc. 
Just fyi. 
 
--little v. 

From: vital
Subj: wax again

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,francesco,fred,boltar,earwax
Date: Oct  7 05:32

after we've talked about it, several of us decided that Earwax will be 
level 100 to help look over some stuff that is just out of date and out 
of control [areas, code, etc.] 
 
If he screws up we will burn his sheep. Thanks. That is all. 
--little v. 

From: vital
Subj: Party Object Typographical Error

Cc: (To: lungbutter) vital,earwax
Date: Oct  7 06:40

Dear Mr. Lungbutter, 
 
Thank you for you submission of the typographical error found 
in the Party Object. We [the members of the administration and 
development staff] are appreciative of your continuing efforts 
to improve the game. The typographical error has been addressed 
and should currently be correct. Your notice also gave rise to 
a closer evaluation of the Party Object and several other similar 
errors were discovered and corrected. Thank you again for this 
excellent example of how a player should report the errors that 
he/she/ep finds in the game. 
 
Sincerely, 
--little v. 

From: vital
Subj: Code School 101

Cc: (To: vertebraker) boltar,vital,fred,francesco,earwax
Date: Oct  7 09:27

Was talking with 'wax about an idea that several of us had talked about 
previously. The concept of setting up some 'classes' or sessions for 'wax, 
myself and others to present topical information to interested wizards and 
record the series to use as later training as well. Somewhat akin to the 
old Descarte@TMI files, we could cover various topics that we consider 
'essential' and later ones that are more esoteric but useful for those 
developers that don't have the benefit of our ability to crash the mud in a 
quick and efficient fashion. 
 
To that end, please think for a few seconds about what kinds of topics you 
would like to see covered and pop me a mail back about them. 'wax and I 
will try to collate some kind of list and come up with a schedule for the 
classes and what we can cover. If there are subjects that you yourself are 
interested in presenting [Amortizations, Fred?] then let us know that as 
well. Fran can teach us Italian too. 
 
--little v. 

From: fakir
Subj: glaxgor

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,khrell,fred
Date: Oct  7 23:33

take all from corpse 
sac 
I put a pending imprison sentence on his ass for five days. He was told my a mage to leave his corpse alone. (squint died to a snow demon and glaxgor took his corpse.) Glaxgor was told by squint to put the corpse back. He refused. I then told him to put the corpse back, at which time he proceded to quickly store his gear and log out. He can chill for a few days till he learns to listen to a wizard telling him to behave. 

From: khrell
 Re:   glaxgor
Cc: (To: fakir) vertebraker,vital,fred
Date: Oct  7 23:36

Thanks for the heads up, he was getting some what lippy to me earlier 
tonight and I was going to let it slide, apparently he's thinking that  
he is 'elite' in more ways then one.  He's on very thin ice as of now. 

From: earwax
Subj: the 'look east' etc bugs

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Oct  8 02:58

I am pretty sure they exist because the room doesn't exist yet. 
(What I'm referring to is the bug where if you're in a room and you 
try to 'look east' or whatever, it gives you bad file name error,  
warping of space...etc.  If a player tries to use it, it should  
try to find the room, if can't, then load it, THEN attempt to check 
out the long.  I am sure you know this shit, but I know you don't 
got much time/patience either, so it's a nice, easy, quick fix for 
you now :) 
 
-dave 

From: earwax
Subj: Proposal for Armor: AC, Weight and Slot Standards

Cc: (To: vertebraker) fred,vital,forbin,linus,subotai,mosobp,earwax
Date: Oct  9 02:56

Type     Weight  AC Range  Body AC   Shield 
Light:     1        0          1     None 
Medium:   1-2       1         2-3    Buckler: 1-2 
Heavy:     2+       2         4-6    Shield:  2-4 
 
Light would be basically clothing, only real effects would be magical in 
  origin.  Some could supply AC, where thematic; case-by-case basis. 
 
Medium would be for thief/finess fighter types.  This would be the type of 
  armor most beneficial for the future dodge/parry skills. 
 
Heavy would of course be actual armor.  Platemail, chainmail, etc would fall 
  into this category.  AC should definitely reflect weight. 
 
Physical Protection 
 
Slot     Types                        AC (L/M/H)    Weight (L/M/H) 
Head:    Hats/Headbands/Masks/Helms    0  /1-2/2      1  /1-2/2+ 
Neck:    Leather Collar/Gorget         ---/1  /2      ---/1  /1-2 
Body:    Body Armor                    1-2/2-3/4-6    1-2/2-3/4+ 
Arms:    Bracelet/Armbands/Bracers     0  /1-2/2      1  /1-2/2+ 
Legs:    Pants/Leggings                0  /1-2/2      1  /1-2/2+ 
Hands:   Gloves/Gauntlets              0  /1-2/2      1  /1-2/2+ 
Feet:    Shoes/Boots                   0  /1-2/2      1  /1-2/2+ 
Shield:  Buckler/Medium/Heavy/Tower    ---/1-2/3-4    ---/1-2/2+ 
Cloak:   Would have to be thematic, but maybe AC 1-2 for heavy cloak type 
 
Magical Gear/Accessories 
Necklace/Amulet (Neck class, since otherwise it'd be collar/gorget) 
Rings (2)       (Disallow rings if gauntlets/gloves used?) 
Earring?        (Disallow if helms are used?) 
Belt            (Come on, these aren't physical protection) 
Misc/I guess Teddy could go here, compete with other miscs 
 
I'd also like to see multiple slots be added in, could be fairly easily  
implemented, I'll prolly slap a code snippet for it together.  Basically 
it'd be similar to multiple properties in rooms.  This would be very easy 
to do, really.  Switching stuff to these standards based on their current 
weight/ac values would be very easy as well.  If they are ac 2, their weight 
will be 2.  New stuff will use the new functions, if it uses the old funs  
then it automatically gets adjusted on load.  I really don't wanna explain 
further, but it'd still require a lot of adjusting by hand. 
 
Anyways, let me know what you guys think.  This is far from an end product, 
but it's somewhere to start, and I think it's pretty much what we should 
go with in the end.  Between us we should be able to hash out a pretty good 
system. 
 
-Earwaximus 

From: earwax
Subj: vital,illarion,fred,subotai,mosobp,linus,jaraxle,pestilence,forbin

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,illarion,fred,subotai,mosobp,linus,jaraxle,pestilence,forbin
Date: Oct  9 04:27

I'm proposing a skills system to go in for both nonguilded characters and 
guilds to use.  There are a few reasons for this kind of system, including 
(and of course not limited to): guilds to be thematic additions rather than 
requirements for chars to be feasible; a standardized system lessening the 
need for complex combat code in guilds, allowing the coding wizzes to focus 
more on content/theme than combat stuff; standardizing simply gives us a 
better system to work from, more consistent from guild to guild, while not 
losing variety - we should gain variety since simply changing a few tricks 
and spell names won't cut it anymore; this kind of system will be extremely 
addicting for new players as they will SEE their characters improving  
dramatically right from the time they start playing - seeing your skills 
going up over and over is very addicting, trust me, it's the key to any 
success DragonHeart MUD has enjoyed, and was part of the appeal to Mal's 
Warrior guild.  Another advantage to this is that it rewards players for 
actually killing stuff rather than hitting behind someone, as the majority 
won't trigger unless the player is taking hits; yet another advantage of 
this system is that it opens up a variety of ways to play even a guildless 
character ("Adventurer's Guild?") - they can wear medium armor and focus 
more on dodging/parrying attacks and using counterattack, or they can wear 
the heavy gear and use shields for shield block/bash. 
 
The skills will be reliant both on attributes (which will be undergoing a 
revision as well, to make them more important, and less uniform from char 
to char), and usage-based raising.  There will be two basic categories: 
automatic, and initiated; automatic being skills that the game attempts to 
use automatically, and initiated being ones that the player has to type a 
command to use.  They will be on a percentage basis as well, with 5% being 
probably the minimum.   
 
Skills (of both varieties) will be raised automatically, in a manner similar 
to Maledicta's Warriors, or more closely, to the system in place on  
DragonHeart MUD.  The skills will have a % chance to happen, and when they 
happen, a % chance to improve: higher chance at lower skill levels, low at 
the higher end.   
 
Skills will also have prerequisites.  For example, riposte (counterattack) 
requires parrying a blow.  Because of that, the powerful counterattack  
ability will take much longer to max than the parry ability.  There will be 
advanced skills as well - for example, enhanced dodge, which requires the 
regular dodge skill to be maxxed. 
 
Sorry for the spammage, but there was a lot to cover.  Keep in mind that 
this is the absolute first draft, it requires a lot of fleshing out in  
order to code, as well as having the attribute and race revisions already in 
place.  As much input as possible is critical in designing this sytem, so 
please, formulate some opinions and mail them to me, either on here, or to 
dhalek@comcast.net.  Thanks. 
 
-Earwax 

From: earwax
Subj: Skills proposal: specifics

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,illarion,fred,subotai,mosobp,linus,jaraxle,pestilence,forbin
Date: Oct  9 04:45

Defense: 
  General: 
    Dodge 
    Parry 
    Drunken Fighting (increased ability while intoxicated) 
     
  Unarmed: 
    Unarmed Dodge (req: dodge) 
    Unarmed Parry 
 
  Armed: 
    Armed Dodge (req: dodge) 
    Armed Parry (req: Parry) 
    Shield Block 
 
Offense: 
  General: 
    Finish (deathblow, messages patterned off MK fatalities?) 
    Riposte (requires a successful parry) 
    Negate Armor/Study (enhanced odds of hitting through AC) 
    Drunken Style? 
     
  Unarmed: 
    Unarmed Attack (increased odds of hitting opponent) 
    Unarmed Riposte (instead of general riposte?) 
    Advanced Unarmed (req: attack, multi-hits/round, better odds) 
 
  Armed: 
    Armed Attack 
    Shield Bash (req successful shield block? or builds off it?) 
    Advanced Armed Attack (req armed attack, mebbe xtra attacks) 
    Offwield (50% damage in offwield) 
    Two-Hander Tactics 
    Perhaps specialization in each weapon type (sword, polearm, etc) 
 
General/Magic: 
  First Aid (heal) 
  Castle Spell 
  Consider 
  Offer 
  Examine (prots/dtypes on gear) 
  Sharpen Weapon 
  Repair Weapon 
  Repair Armor 
  Analyze Opponent (find out rough dtype prots/ac/etc on opponent) 
  Combat spells (mi,sh,fi,so) 
  Invisibility 
  Call Imp/Demon Merchant (I'd really like to see this in core abilities) 

From: earwax
Subj: bug in channeld.c

Date: Oct  9 09:02

I'm getting bugs, maybe i'm doing shit wrong, but i can't exec it 
either.  Anyways, check out lines 57 and 69, they don't look right 
to me, but i'm gonna putz around and see what's up anyways. 
 
-dave 

From: earwax
Subj: OK, here's the deal

Date: Oct  9 09:11

No set_channel_name() or query_channel_names() funs in player.c 
that I can patch.  I get function doesn't exist, which basically  
means that it can't be patched, meaning it can't be called.  That's 
part of the problem I'm guessing :) 
 
Anyways, I'm using the 'tl2' command in the following dir  
/players/earwax/closed/TRACKER/bin/tl2.c 
in order to test it out.  I had it in the tracker itself but it was 
bugging, so I had to take it out.  Tracker bugging is a bad thing 
since it's an autoload. 
 
Feel free to putz with it, it should be fine for use as tl2, as  
long as tracker loads the channel and checks the player for muffle 
status and adds them.  tl2 should work for just playing around and 
testing it.  Right now, it's using blah.c in that same dir, since  
I was gonna play around with changing it to get it running.  If you 
wanna mess with the one in /obj/daemons, then change the defs.h in 
the TRACKER root dir definition CHAND to the correct /obj dir. 
NOT CHANNELD since I'm using that right now for the real tracker 
channel.   
 
Anyways, I'm only half awake so hopefully this shit is coherent. 
 
Do whatever you want with tl2.c, or if I'm just being stupid lemme 
know, but I think I'm doing things right....I just ghetto'd tl2.c 
up based off tl.c (which was insanely ghetto drunken earwaxicode to 
begin with.  Blah. 
 
-dave 

From: vertebraker
Subj: newsreader

Date: Oct 10 01:44

i think the news system should have the inform. groups 
first. not lopped down there. they should be highlighted too. 

From: boltar
 Re:   Ranger guild mods
Date: Oct 13 10:29

 
why can't I just use mv from the shell?  
 

From: vertebraker
Subj: bozohead

Date: Oct 13 18:07

bozohead, just have copies of other files in /bin dirs 
inherit the other files. 
 
like i changed devs to inherit "/bin/play/_wizes" 
instead of copying it. that way i only have to make changes 
once. 
 
bozoHEAD! 
 
 
love, Tom 

From: vital
 Re:   bozohead
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Oct 14 01:56

Because I was going to remove the wizes one, Bonehead. 
 
love, 
BozoHEAD 

From: vital
 Re:   Ranger guild mods
Cc: (To: boltar) vital,vertebraker
Date: Oct 14 01:58

>why can't I just use mv from the shell? 
 
you could. but the archive has different files than the current 
implementation based on it's new location. I was trying to avoid 
spending a lot of time uploading files, waiting for them to be 
moved and then going back through and removing them and their 
directories. 
 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   bozohead
Date: Oct 14 03:01

leave wizes for now . :D 

From: vital
Subj: Power Rangers

Cc: (To: boltar) boltar,vertebraker,vital,fred,beck
Date: Oct 14 15:38

The Power Rangers have been relocated to /players/guilds/Rangers and all 
related guild files are now located there as per the request of the 
original person who set up the guild. Extensive coding and testing has been 
done on the guild and it is not the 'self-sufficient' guild that the 
original creator thought it could be. 
 
Periodic maintenance checks should be made and the code will be reviewed 
from time to time to assess it's viability. 
 
Thanks, Vital 

From: vertebraker
Subj: Beck rooms

Date: Oct 15 11:02

Beck rooms are bugging out 

From: hercules
Subj: changes changes changes

Date: Oct 15 12:24

Hi V. 
It's nice to c all those massive changes 
finally after yrs of no changes 
but plz give us warning when u work on mass changes on subject. 
i noticed u updated the megazord command,which is nice 
but i aslo noticed the donate skill is gone.... 
Lacar says she lost her ally comm couple of days ago... what's up with that ? new ally policy ? 
mmm whats more 
the park is out... "sensitive worngess" msg.... 
the armors not show,is that on purpose ?  
our title is screwed when i walk in room it says "hercules [D[D[D[D[D the green ranger" 
whatever that means 
and ofcourse the dual command center... 
hope that covers it all 
Yours, 
the green test ranger 

From: vital
 Re:   changes changes changes
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Oct 15 12:56

where have you been? did you not know the rangers were being updated? is 
this too difficult for you to follow? None of the skills should be gone. 
Honor Communicator was a momentary thing and Lacar got one right back after 
it bugged. The park in Beck's area is beck's stupid code going apeshit 
because he didn't do a very thorough job of coding it. your comment that 
"the armors not show,is that on purpose ?" doesn't tell anything about any 
issue you might have been having with the guild? The limited info on the 
title is only partially more helpful. The dual command center is so that 
you actually have a command center. I suppose I could just let there be NO 
Command Center. Is that a better option? 
 
Vital :) 

From: vital
Subj: please check /players/angel/area/school/room/nurse_office_01.c

Cc: (To: angel) vital
Date: Oct 16 13:17

please check 
      /players/angel/area/school/room/nurse_office_01.c 
and       "     "     "     "     "  /library_01.c 
 
got reports that they were cloning extra mobs. 
 
Thanks. 

From: vital
Subj: /players/mosobp/areas/HOUSING/rooms/h14.c

Cc: (To: mosobp) vital
Date: Oct 16 13:31

the short description for the file: 
/players/mosobp/areas/HOUSING/rooms/h14.c 
is Namkeian and the suburbs are Namekian. Is that intentional or a typo? 
Vital 

