From: khrell
Subj: Elven Boots

Date: Aug 30 15:48

Eurale coded them 
/players/eurale/Glade/Obj/elven_boots.c  (I think) 

From: vertebraker
Subj: heh

Date: Aug 30 20:10

Not sure how you can say guild_login() is in the correct place, 
hell it processed before cat("/NEWS") 
 
i fixed it 

From: vital
 Re:   heh
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Aug 31 06:08

heh, yah, but then I said that because I didn't think 
coming before cat("/NEWS") was a problem. :) 
 
thanks. 
vital 

From: than
Subj: sponsor

Date: Aug 31 21:04

    Hi, 
 
 
 
I wish to be a wizard. I want to learn and bring new things to the mud such 
as new areas for newbies-on up to a guild in the near feature that will 
catch the interest of other players. I wish to sacrifice my players to be 
able to code. Please respond to me when you can, Thanks. 
 
      Than 
*8 

From: vital
 Re:   sponsor
Cc: (To: than) vertebraker,francesco,fred,forbin,vital
Date: Sep  1 03:53

Hey Thak, 
 
I've thought about it, and I really can't approve you at this point in 
the course of the MUD. I don't think it would be a good fit and it would 
only lead to frustration both on your part and the administrations. 
 
We thank you for your devotion to Nirvana and encourage you to keep 
playing and helping improve the game from within. We will keep your 
application on file and the need arises, we will be in contact with you 
about any possibilities. 
 
Thank you, 
Vital 
 
p.s. Please consider this the decision of the game's administration 
and binding until such time as you are contacted concerning it again. 

From: khrell
 Re:   mining pickaxe
Date: Sep  1 22:21

Heh I already fixed that earlier today. 
 
Too slow joe! 

From: hercules
Subj: Armor

Cc: vertebraker
Date: Sep  2 21:15

Hi V 
dont know if u r aware of it, but i guess since the armors types were changed, we can no longer use armors such as bracers of speed  
which was ring and now braclet, 
and cloak which was misc and now cloak 
check it out... 
Yours, 
the green test ranger 
 

From: tristian
Subj: monster code

Cc: tristian
Date: Sep  2 22:05

Vital, thanks for the help in the monster code...but how do i implement it? 
i have no clue..i asked verte for help and he says it looks unfinished..so 
i am again clueless.. think you can help me? Thanks Tristian `f f 

From: hercules
Subj: another bug ?

Date: Sep  2 22:17

i've just been asked to advance my machine skill, which is kinda strange 
considering it's maxed...  
shouldnt happen ... ? 
yours. 
the green test ranger 

From: hercules
Subj: another one

Date: Sep  2 22:20

i've just been told when i enter or leave a room 
it says my name and the zord in one line, w/o new line, 
like "The Green Ranger A Bull Lightspeed-zord arrives." 
yours, 
the green test ranger 

From: vital
 Re:   Armor
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Sep  3 00:53

Yeah, I realize that the new armor types have changed. And I 
also am the one who added the new types to the restricted list. 
 
I've upped the amount of damage and defense that ranger have 
and I'm evaluating the decision of which armors to allow. 
 
Vital 

From: vital
 Re:   monster code
Cc: (To: tristian) vital
Date: Sep  3 00:56

T, 
We'll have to catch up online when we have time. There are a 
couple of different ways to implement it in a way that is 
pleasing and effective for your needs. 
Vital 

From: vital
 Re:   another bug ?
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Sep  3 00:58

Did you go ahead and try to train? Let me know what happens then. 
I meant to just give you the skill points and let you train it. 
Let me know if you can train it. 
Vital 

From: vital
 Re:   another one
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Sep  3 00:59

I saw that one two. I'm trying to track down where that is coming 
from. It looks like the return is being eaten from the end. 
Vital 

From: hercules
Subj: Re:bugs... ?

Date: Sep  3 05:16

Hi V. 
ok,  
1.i've tried for about 20 mins to get zack to train me, 
didnt work,so i guess u changed something ? i mean 
he didnt ask me, not didnt train... 
anyhow... 
about the armors... WTF ? :( limited armor use ? :( 
atleast while u think about those updates, 
let us use the armors as it's been so far... 
as it is the change we fight is changed, 
so lowering our defense lvls too ? 
yours, 
the green test ranger 
;) 

From: vertebraker
Subj: herc

Date: Sep  3 05:19

05:17:21 Hercules tells you: OMG! vital lowered our armor use ability :( 
05:17:47 Hercules tells you: eh,10x 05:18:34 Hercules tells you: i think 
after all the millions we requie to put in the guild,the least we should b 
able to do is protect ourself :|  

From: hercules
Subj: RE:Zack

Date: Sep  3 05:28

mmm, 
i finally got the machine skill question 
but when i said "yes" it said "what?" 
so i guess it just somekind of error , maybe cause kimberly and zack are  
next to each other and i pass quick through kim and stop at zack ? 
oh, one question was "Kimberly asks : would u like to advance ur machine skill? " 
hope it helps, 
the green test ranger 

From: vertebraker
Subj: serious doc

Date: Sep  3 05:43

we need to come up as a group with a serious doc 
on why the dam cap needs to be removed. 
 
 
it's currently 30+level+xlvl/4 
 
which amounts to 49 on a level 19, 
  74 on a 19+100 
 
there are too many other ways for peeps to do damage these days 
without invoking this_player() for this to count. 
i.e. armors that do dmg, call_outs with dmg, etc. 

From: vital
 Re:   Re:bugs... ?
Cc: (To: hercules) vital
Date: Sep  3 09:27

yah, ok, if you're going to send a mail, at least let the content 
be comprehensible. What do I do with a statement like" 
"as it is the change we fight is changed" ?!?!? 
 
armors had no effect on your defense levels, before or after. 
Vital 

From: vital
 Re:   herc
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep  3 09:29

he's a ninny. sent me a series of mails. several of which were not 
even comprehensible. so they can't still use the same set of armors 
they could before you changed them to allow other types... tough. 
 
the gob tosses out the extra ac anyway. The only ones that actually 
benefit them are the ones that healed or did an extra hit. 
 
bah. 
vital 

From: vital
 Re:   RE:Zack
Cc: (To: hercules) vital,vertebraker
Date: Sep  3 09:31

yah, Zack and Kimberly are having a secret love affair. as are 
jason and trini. they generally can be found behind the Command 
center when they are off duty. Give them some space as you'd 
want when you're feeling up your sweet significant other. 
vital 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   RE:Zack
Cc: hercules,vertebraker
Date: Sep  3 09:33

Isn't that interracial mixing? Pink + Black 

From: lanith
Subj: staff

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep  3 17:08

I'd like the magus great oak staff to store plz, the one that drops in 
turtleville, wockets area plz :) and I think it might need dtype updated 
for its spell attacks and regular hits and all that. 

From: xorn
Subj: ranger guild

Date: Sep  3 20:16

Why did you remove my standing in the ranger guild? 
Just because I can only spend about 1 day a month accessing Nirvana? 
I want my skills and stats back. 
h 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   staff
Cc: (To: lanith) vital
Date: Sep  3 20:52

just "bug" any items you want to save. 
mail boxes get too full and there's no reason 
to send this to me or vital as fred and forbin and 
other wizards make changes as well. 

From: xorn
Subj: rangers

Date: Sep  3 21:17

I apologize for my last letter if it sounded severe. 
I logged on and nothing was working - in fact, 
I didn't even log on at the Command Center but at the 
Church.  I had been in the guild before when it was revamped 
and lost my status as a Ranger (I was the Moss Ranger then). 
But I just logged on and found myself at the Command Center, 
my 'who2' and 'mwho' commands tell me I'm still listed as a Ranger 
and I seem to still have my coin. 
I have also been in other guilds that just disappeared (Mages; Bards; Undead) 
and panicked thinking this was similar to them. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: tallos

Cc: (To: boltar) vital,forbin,zeus,fakir
Date: Sep  3 23:20

I demoted Tallos back down to a player for continuing 
to break wiz_rules such as accepting the choices of the administration, 
being combative with us as seniors and higher level wizards 
when he was told to stop. He has been a wiz for over 2 years 
now and has contributed absolutely nothing .. and should 
have been dewizzed with the others last year except I 
gave him a reprieve, which he has taken advantage of. 
He has continued to talk shit about other wizards on 
his wizard char and as his player chars and we have all 
had enough. I receive constant complaints about him 
every day and today he took to insulting Khrell on 
public channels and title setting.. this is not 
acceptable wizard behavior as we all know, he has 
had 2 years to make his decision on whether to be 
a wizard or not so now I have been forced to make 
it for him. 

From: boltar
 Re:   wiz
Cc: (To: tallos) vital,forbin,zeus,fakir,vertebraker
Date: Sep  4 00:51

 
 
 Um, I don't know much about this situation. However if you've 
been using your player characters as loophole to cause trouble by 
bad mouthing other wizards and such, believe me, there is no such  
loophole.  
 
I said before, if someone has a problem with another wizard  
to bring it to me rather than drawing in players and going about it  
that way. It's simply the wrong way to go about things. All it does is 
turn players off. It serves no useful purpose.  
 
As far as your area, I do not know the status of that. If it is indeed ready 
for approval, there may be an error in that part of it.  
 

From: vertebraker
Subj: race ideas

Date: Sep  4 05:32

any thoughts on an extended race system? 
we briefly discussed it. 
think about it :) 
 
i would want at least 25 races 

From: vital
Subj: for history

Cc: vital
Date: Sep  4 15:58

Hey I admit I called a another wizard a jackass, I don't think thats a 
reason to dewiz someone, and as a 2nd, who for the actions of a 2nd? Isn't 
that against multi? I mean, I didn't go out of my way to harass anyone? I 
didn't even start anything. Why should my wizard be punished for the 
actions of my player? The actions that are well within the game rules, and 
his character to do? I don't violate multi? Why should a senior wizard be 
able to punish me for the actions of someone who 'technically' is not that 
character? I just would like a ruling on this. Please.... 
 

From: vital
Subj: poor me...

Date: Sep  4 16:21

You tell lacar hell I haven't slept because of it, and I had to work 9 
hours today, I'm ready to fall over, but I'm here, talking 
to people. Getting the word out. I'm not going to abandon my 
position. I'm going to fight every day to get what I lost 
back. And no one can take the deturmination I have away from 
me. I love this mud too much to give up on this or the 
knights. 

From: hercules
Subj: Ah?

Date: Sep  4 17:19

Completely lost u with that last mail... 
have no idea what u r saying... 
:) 

From: cooper
Subj: Cooper

Cc: rick
Date: Sep  4 18:50

Not sure if you know, but I am in a mob stations preparing to leave for 
iraq When I get out of the field I pop on, but not sure if I will get a 
chance when I get in country. So please do not delete me, while I am gone. 
And please mudmail me what changes there are, or mail them to 
fasc.cooper@us.army.mil My army email would be best cause I know I will be 
able to check that and really want to be filled in on what is happening 
thanks Cooper the Mossy one! 

From: rick
Subj: guild object

Date: Sep  4 21:26

when i do guild_object it tells me mine is corrupt and to contact a senior, so here ya go 
contact is made. 
 

From: vertebraker
Subj: Beck

Date: Sep  5 14:51

Beck has taken to asking Bolts for you to put the Guild 
back in his directory... May want to advise moving it to guilds/ 

From: boltar
 Re:   Rangers
Cc: (To: beck) vital
Date: Sep  5 20:20

 
 Vital, you should not have moved the ranger guild. put it back 
 

From: rick
Subj: heads up

Date: Sep  5 21:44

I've entered a bug thingamabobbier, but i thought i would mail you 
as well.  I recently converted some xp over and got a sensitive mind 
error, as well as a butt load of skill points.  I'm not complaining 
but i figured you might want to know about that so you can fix/repair 
it. 
 
 
Thanks for any time spent on the guild. 
 
 
Rick 

From: vertebraker
Subj: rangers

Cc: (To: boltar) vital
Date: Sep  6 02:53

Just my two cents... I thought it would be a good idea for 
Vital to move the Ranger directory to his on the basis that 
it would either eventually be copied back to Beck's directory 
or to /players/guilds/ 
 
The Rangers are a derelict guild, whatever Beck claims... 
The only reason Vital copied the Rangers is for FTP purposes. 
Certain illegalities and old code/balance issues neded 
to be investigated and there was really nobody else that 
was or is capable of handling the job. If no one is around 
to maintain these guilds, I would imagine we are supposed 
to intervene and do the work ourselves.. because Beck 
logs in every few months and checks his mail does not 
mean he has done or plans to do any work. 
 
The Rangers are a problem akin to the cybers... and simple 
edits won't fix their powers or poorly devised system 
of advancement.. We attempted to contact Beck for at least 
the last 4 years to look into certain issues and matters 
which required attention and he never did. This guild 
has caused intense player frustration as well and the idea 
wasn't to claim ownership or seek its destruction or anything 
else that Beck would claim. Again, if the FTP was open 
to ftp'ing to other people's directories, I would be all 
for relocating the directory back to Beck's directory, 
however until they are more "stable" I would advise 
leaving them in Vital's directory... he has done a great 
job with working on them so far and it is unlikely Beck 
has complained for anything other than bitterness, not 
the state of the mud or the state of the guild. He has 
attempted to maintain a stranglehold on the guild and 
its problems for a while at the deprecation of the players 
involved in it. This would be perfectly ok, except that 
he has not been active for five years and has no idea 
what is going on with the mud these days. In my eyes, 
all guilds are Nirvana guilds and I would expect my 
code to be legalized and changed as it stays on here, 
and I could care less if someone copied my code to their 
directory as I consider it always property of Nirvana 
and if I am not around to maintain it, then it is the 
"duty" of the administrative staff.  Again, sorry 
this came to your attention ... I agree with whatever 
decision you make and I respect it, but the director 
modification was made only to facilitate FTP and we 
have had every intent of copying it either back to 
Beck's directory or into /players/guilds/ when it 
was a little more worked up and some of the issues 
were resolved. 

From: vital
 Re:   Rangers
Cc: (To: boltar) beck,vertebraker,vital
Date: Sep  6 02:54

The Rangers' guild was moved to /players/vital to facilitate changes 
and updates being made to the code from FTP. From the beginning the 
intent was not to steal code or take credit for it, and you can ask 
Vertebraker about that. I have mentioned on several occassions that 
the code would not become a permanent feature in /players/vital dir. 
 
After the changes have been stabilized and more of the code finalized 
it will be transfered to /players/guilds/Rangers where it can be 
maintained and supported by the developer community for the benefit 
of the guild, the players and the mud as a whole. 
 
All of the original references to Beck's creative genius and impetus 
as well as his intellectual property have been retained within the 
source code and will not be removed. 
 
Vital 
06/09/2005 10:48 AM 
... 
p.s. If Beck is unable or unavailable to maintain the code then 
under the provisions of /doc/build/code_policy it has fallen to the admin 
to care for and protect Nirvana. 
p.p.s. If Beck desires for the code to be removed and the guild shut down, then 
that too is also his prerogative and will be honored. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: gem

Date: Sep  6 21:15

as gem has coded now, he can have the tools in his workroom.c 

From: vertebraker
Subj: attribs

Cc: forbin,fred,fakir
Date: Sep  7 01:03

you guys want to come up with ideas on what attribs should 
do in the mud?  imagine a world where they vary greatly 
by race and other such things. 
 
i.e. strength should make you hit "harder" with a wep 
   as an example. 
. 

From: beck
 Re:   Rangers
Cc: boltar,beck,vertebraker,vital
Date: Sep  7 01:48

My grievence does not stem from the fact that someone wishes to update the 
Rangers to be balanced with the mud, but from the way it is being done. #1 
My permission was never sought.  I have not one message asking my 
permission to even work on the Rangers, much less move it entirely. #2 The 
code should have been copied to be worked on and tested fully in a test 
environment.  The working guild should have remained in my directory. Right 
now I am not able to make any changes myself, because my directories are 
virtually empty, and I have no idea what code has been changed and all the 
locations it has been affected. #3 Some changes are being done without any 
understanding of the spirit or intent of myself.  For instance the Ranger 
list, while nice and compact, now excludes my will to maintain the names of 
the players that helped create the guild over the last 10 years it has been 
running. It also excludes such important players as my own character. 
 
My wishes are that the code be moved back into MY directory within 2 weeks. 
All further development is to be halted except for bugs that still need to 
be fixed to maintain function. I would like a documented list of all 
changes being made (a summary will do), at which time I will approve or 
disapprove them. Once the guild is running again from my directory, all 
proposal for additional changes may be passed by me. The guild is set up to 
be fairly self maintaining, but is also designed that additional code may 
run from other wizards personal directories, without any changes to 
existing code. All I ask is that this additional code get my approval 
before entering the game.   I am willing to work with wizards to improve 
the Rangers, so that it may last another 10 years, but it needs to be done 
respectfully. Because of the hands off approach, if I receive no mail, and 
changes are made transparent to my knowledge, I am assuming everything is 
running as planned.  In fact I would never have known of this current 
change had I not noticed bugs when checking the status of some normal 
functions. I do log in time to time to check the status of the guild, or 
can be reached at anytime at tearitupsports@sbcglobal.net I am also willing 
and have time to make needed changes myself if necessary. Regards, Beck 

From: boltar
 Re:   Rangers
Cc: (To: beck) vital,beck,vertebraker,vital
Date: Sep  7 01:57

 
 
 Well, I think everyone knows my policy of trying to meet the wishes  
of the original coders. I don't see any reason not to back beck on  
everything he said.  
 
I did not know that no notice had been sent. That is a major slip up. 
 
With a contact real email, then there shouldn't be a problem with  
guild development.  
 
While vital intended to move it to /guilds and I do not fault him given  
the complaints from players in the guild that they had no wizard, I don't  
see a big reason to put it there if beck is going to take any level of  
an active role.  
 
I think we can all agree that respecting Beck's wishes is best for everyone 
involed and how everyone would like it for their own stuff. 
 
But I do understand why vital did things as he did. To me, it all  
appeared to me to be a ghost ship of code. This is something that can  
be fixed and hopefully not generate any lasting bad feelings.  
 

From: beck
 Re:   Rangers
Cc: (To: boltar) vital,beck,vertebraker,vital
Date: Sep  7 02:03

I will allow the code being moved to a /guild directory as long as I may 
still directly code it and be able to ftp to there. I also will allow it 
with the understanding that all changes be run by me first until the day I 
give the word that "its all yours". I do not wish for bad blood from this 
as it benefits no-one, but the lack of communication and the manner in 
which this was done, really raised my blood pressure. I do wish to work 
with you guys to make an enjoyable guild for the mud. Beck 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mail pt. 1

Cc: (To: beck) vital,boltar,vertebraker
Date: Sep  7 02:31

 > #1 My permission was never sought.  I have not one message asking my  > 
permission to even work on the Rangers, much less move it entirely. 
 
This permission had been asked for repeatedly in the past to no avail. In 
your responses below you are clarifying the exact reasons why we didn't 
even bother contacting you this time. 
 
> #2 The code should have been copied to be worked on and tested fully > in 
a test environment.  The working guild should have remained in > my 
directory. 
 
This is your opinion. Extensive beta testing [Nirvana definition: having 
players test it] and processing their feedback is far more effective and 
generates more bug, typo, and idea reports than simulating with a test 
character in some convoluted laboratory experiment, this would be 
ESPECIALLY beneficial for you, since you have been completely out of touch 
with the mud for 5+ years. 
 
> Right now I am not able to make any changes myself, because my > 
directories are virtually empty, and I have no idea what code > has been 
changed and all the locations it has been affected. 
 
Why would we expect you to make changes yourself when you have been unable 
or unwilling to do so for the past five years? The guild is near death, and 
except for a few lone stragglers, it isn't even considered a viable option 
by 99% of Nirvana. It has been like that for quite some time. It was a 
poorly conceived, poorly planned, poorly coded and poorly executed guild. 
Your ambition far exceeded your talent. Someone has to maintain its 
monstrosity. This guild has more holes than swiss cheese and the 
advancement system and lack of player rewards other than adding lame WC and 
AC bonuses are staggering. What can you say for a guild that cannot use 
equipment in a mud where EVERYTHING is equipment-based? It means it needs 
to be VERY creative and VERY original. This mud in its current form is 
hardly that. Vital's changes are a recode very much in the spirit of the 
original. Your guild never really was a Niastic departure from the Nirvana 
experience that mostly failed.   > My wishes are that the code be moved 
back into MY directory within 2 weeks.  > All further development is to be 
halted except for bugs that still need to  > be fixed to maintain function. 
[cont.] 
 
[cont.] 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mail pt. 2

Cc: (To: beck) boltar,vital,vertebraker
Date: Sep  7 02:31

Why do you assume that the guild would even be fixed in 2 weeks? This is 
actually insulting coming from you. Should we have put a time limit on when 
the exp changes, dam types, or Armor/Weapon code that you failed to 
properly implement in the mudlib would have been ok to use? Because you did 
the same thing with the Rangers that you did with any of your previous 
work, you brainstormed up a bunch of half-baked crap, dumped it in, then 
pulled a disappearing act leaving everyone else to deal with the fallout of 
your poor thinking. You are in no position to make demands on when the heap 
of garbage you coded can be working properly and up to the lowest standard 
of tolerable gameplay. YOU ARE THE ONE WHO ABANDONED IT. 
 
> I would like a documented list of all changes being made > (a summary 
will do), at which time I will approve or  > disapprove them. 
 
Would you care to actually get back in touch with the game before knowing 
what would be right for the guild or the mud in general? Because you know 
extremely little about gameplay or how the mud even operates these days. I 
am also VERY against your remaining even a senior status and being able to 
make judgment calls for Nirvana based on your past history of dereliction, 
at least until you prove yourself to be anything more than a standoffish 
ghost wizard. You have been essentially inactive for 5+ years. Why others 
like Feldegast, Snow, or Mythos were stripped for being away and you were 
maintained is nothing less than a glitch. 
 
> The guild is set up to be fairly self maintaining, but is als > designed 
that additional code may run from other wizards personal > directories, 
without any changes to existing code. 
 
*laugh* Fairly self-maintaining? Do you think we are sadists? Why would we 
be in this situation and having this stupid conversation if your code was 
self-maintaining? IT IS ENTIRELY OUT OF DATE AND IRRESPONSIBLE. And nice 
bluff about additional code being able to be run from wizard's personal 
directories.... This might be fine for Cosmo's donate command, but hardly 
works when the guild itself needs a complete overhaul. 
 
> All I ask is that this additional code get my approval  > before entering 
the game. 
 
We tried this before, remember? Vital tried several times, we all tried to 
get you to allow other input on the guild. And that isn't good enough for 
your ego to know your code is largely crap. So you denied it. repeatedly. 
You claimed to fix the problems or errors in question, but a month later 
you vanish again and similar or other problems arise and re-arise until 
players quit the guild in frustration. The reason you do not receive mails 
is largely because of your complete non-presence on Nirvana. What is the 
point of mailing a ghost? If I work on Dune's guild, should I send him 
futile mudmails as well? Or should I just accept his lies and poor 
administrative ethic and pretend like he will fix the major problems in his 
guild. Yeah, I guess we should keep being this stupid, we've done it for 10 
years. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mail pt. 3

Cc: (To: beck) boltar,vital,vertebraker
Date: Sep  7 02:32

> I am willing to work with wizards to improve the Rangers, 
> so that it may last another 10 years, but it needs to be done  
> respectfully. 
 
Ignoring the original creator's contributions is not something 
that Vital or anyone else EVER intended to do. It was also NEVER 
looked at as VITAL's guild now. Nirvana guilds are NIRVANA 
guilds. Plain and simple. If there is no guild wizard, or a guild 
wizard who pretends to be a guild wizard but really is just 
a player file and the occasional connection [such as yourself], 
it is up to us to maintain or rework any concepts or problems 
arising with said guild. 
 
> In fact I would never have known of this current  
> change had I not noticed bugs when checking the status of some normal  
> functions. 
 
Gee dood, you might have wanted to check the announcement board... 
            [do you even know where that is?] 
or communicate with other wizards... It's kinda hard to know 
anything if you only login once every few months to check your 
empty mailbox cause people are fed up with your inactivity. 
 
>I am also willing and have time to make needed changes myself 
>if necessary. 
 
Heard this one before, it was funnier when it was 1999. 
 
p.s. I will of course abide by Boltar's decisions but don't try 
     the strong arming or the victim crap... it was your own 
     dereliction of your responsibilities as a coder, as a 
     guild wizard, and as an administrator that have caused 
     any situation like this to arise. You have no right to 
     make demands because you don't have the time or inclination 
     to properly maintain or develop your own work. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: sparkle

Cc: zeus,forbin,fred
Date: Sep  7 02:52

sparkle is going to start indexing areas for /open/info 
 
i asked martha to do it, i think she is a tad busy irl 

From: hercules
Subj: HELP!!!

Date: Sep  7 05:30

when u get in here, plz return the guild objects. 
I lost all the guild objs and obviously can do nothing... 
thats frustrating 
I assume u're updating them or something but atlest keep copy of the normal while u do that 
10X 
the green test ranger 

From: vital
Subj: Coding and Development

Cc: (To: lexi) vertebraker,fred,forbin,francesco,vital,boltar
Date: Sep  7 18:20

Lexi, 
As you no doubt have noticed, you levels have been reduced 
to where you were when you were first approved for a position 
on the Nirvana development team. This was an administrative 
decision and not one reflecting any cheating or poor behavior 
on your part. 
 
Your files are intact and backed up. If you desire to actually 
contribute to the development and improvement of Nirvana, you 
will need to seek out and discuss this with the senior wizards 
who will evaluate your readiness and willingness to contribute 
to the game. 
 
Some people just enjoy being a player more and actually feel more 
comfortable doing that, rather than being a developer. 
Thanks, 
Vital 

From: punk
Subj: lost guild obj

Date: Sep  8 22:47

so I got my guild obj purged apparently....can I at least get comped for 
the millions and millions I put into the obj? 

From: sparkle
Subj: Punk

Date: Sep  8 22:55

So Punk logged on tonight and said he doesnt have his ranger object any 
longer. He asked if it could be reinstated or he could be reimbursed for 
the exp he put in. I told him to mail you cause Ididnt think there was 
anything I would know to answer that question. Just wanted to let you know. 
=) 

From: vital
 Re:   lost guild obj
Cc: (To: punk) vital
Date: Sep  9 07:45

Punk, 
 
You should have your guild object and should still have all of your 
Power Ranger skills as they were when you last logged on. You were 
not one of the ones included in the purge of guild members. 
Vital 

From: vital
 Re:   Punk
Cc: (To: sparkle) vital
Date: Sep  9 07:46

I think I straightened him out. Thanks for having actually mailing 
me for help. I'm not sure why players are so adverse to mailing 
someone responsible for help. Thanks again. 
Vital 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mosobp

Cc: (To: forbin) fakir,vital,fred
Date: Sep  9 10:14

mosobp was abusing the chaingun bug .. 
that allowed unlimited charges 
 
i warned him again in pretty strict 
terms .. if he does it again i'm 
likely going to boot him 
 
what was worse was he was telling 
others about the chaingun bug .. 
and not even a bug report to me 
or anyone else. 

From: forbin
Subj: Templar Guards

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,fred,zeus,feldegast,fakir,jara
Date: Sep 10 09:07

I don't quite know who has fucked with what lately, but the Templar 
Security guards are roaming all over the fucking mud.  It's getting to 
the point of being plain ridiculous.  If you changed something with them 
please change it back.  If not, see if you can figure out what's doing it 
cause I sure as hell can't. 
 
F 

From: vital
 Re:   Templar Guards
Cc: (To: forbin) vertebraker,vital,fred,zeus,feldegast,fakir,jara
Date: Sep 11 01:00

weren't me!  :) 

