From: zeus
 Re:   Templar Guards
Cc: vertebraker, vital,fred,feldegast,fakir,jara
Date: Sep 11 01:03

I wish i'd done it, sounds funny :D 

From: punk
Subj: re: re: lost guild obj

Date: Sep 11 11:04

Hmmm well I don't have my object at all actually....it 
's totally gone so perhaps you could help me? 
 
 
thanx, 
Punk 

From: fred
 Re:   Templar Guards
Cc: (To: forbin) vertebraker,vital,fred,zeus,feldegast,fakir,jara
Date: Sep 11 13:19

Wasn't me either.  Dumb things. 
 
Fred 

From: vital
Subj: Re: Re: Re: Templar Guards

Cc: (To: fred) forbin,vertebraker,vital,fred,zeus,feldegast,fakir,jara
Date: Sep 11 15:57

I saw one at Chili's tonight too. Darn thing tried to eat my 
nachos! 
vital 

From: vital
Subj: guild object

Cc: (To: punk) vital
Date: Sep 12 04:52

Punk, 
Let me know if your guild object is gone or if things are right when you 
log in. 
Vital 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mondar shield

Cc: (To: jareel) forbin,vital,fred
Date: Sep 12 15:10

mondar shield was bugged out today. 
you must have recently modified it. 
DO NOT MODIFY IN-GAME ITEMS WITHOUT ADMINISTRATIVE 
APPROVAL. 

From: fred
Subj: Mondar's Armors

Cc: (To: jareel) vital,vertebraker,forbin
Date: Sep 12 17:04

Jareel, 
I changed pretty much all of Mondar's armors.  I realize 
that you basically have to have all of them for 
them to work right but in all seriousness if somebody 
did have them all they were pretty BS I mean they all  
are already max base ac and the majority of them either 
do dmg or heal the person wearing them (usually too much 
in my opinion) and then you have like 4-5 pieces that throw 
out a return 100?  That's just too much. 
 
Fred 

From: vital
Subj: Knights & Wizards

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 14 13:47

I'm working with Khrell and Jara some. 
I'll be working on a mudmail to address some of the problems 
that some of the other wizards have with this. 

From: vital
Subj: Knights & other wizards

Cc: (To: boltar) vital,vertebraker,fred
Date: Sep 14 14:29

I think Jara and Khrell have done a good job thus far with 
the changes they are making in the Knights Templar guild. 
I'm not sure what issues Fakir has with them individually, 
but with respect to the guild, there has not been anything 
happening amiss as far as Fred, Vertebraker or myself can 
determine. 
 
I've reassured Jara and Khrell to continue to work on the 
guild and document any changes they make with Verte's or 
one of the other seniors approval of course. They have also 
been instructed to make any changes that a senior or higher 
wizard tells them to make and to document and mail Verte 
and at least one other senior wizard as well. 
 
I've watched Fakir and Jareel as players disagree with the 
changes that have been made in the guild, but as developers 
for the mud, they have forgone the right to complain as a 
player character. There isn't any room for wizards to create 
instability from within, given the information that they 
have and already know. This is a direct violation of the 
wiz_behavior rules we already have in place to deal with 
these problems. 
 
I think Fakir was/is doing a great job of overseeing some 
of the illegal activity that players attempt to propogate, 
but needs to let honest development continue. 
 
Vital 
p.s. I'm trying to keep this as low stress as possible for 
all parties involved. 

From: vital
Subj: Ranger Guild Channel

Cc: (To: laci) vital
Date: Sep 15 06:47

Laci, 
You should be back on the Power Ranger Guild channel now. If you don't 
have an Honor Ranger Communicator when you log on, try to contact any 
of the Development Staff to have them hand you a new one. 
 
Thanks, 
Vital 

From: vital
Subj: Idea Report August 18, 2005

Cc: (To: symbio) vital
Date: Sep 15 10:36

The corridor on the Enterprise has been updated as per your 
suggestion/submission to the 'idea' command. Thank you for 
your time and effort to help Nirvana become a better place 
to play. 
Vital 

From: punk
Subj: Got the obj

Date: Sep 15 13:36

I got the obj you transfered back to me. Thank you kindly, it is much 
appreciated. 
 
 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   jareel
Cc: fred,forbin
Date: Sep 15 14:08

torch him, that's my opinion 

From: vertebraker
Subj: jareel

Date: Sep 15 14:09

From: jareel 
Subj: Stupid player idling in the Knight guild hall. 
 
Date: Sep 15 09:29 
 
Heh, Glaxgor forgot to type quit in the Knight guild hall,  
that is pretty funny as Jatar and Morph killed him.  Jatar and  
Morph also waited for him to 'Naturally' Respawn cause well the  
game does that and killed him again.  As Jatar puts it he was lucky   
the game crashed because he would have killed him down to level 8.  
I am not sure if I should refund the xp for the second death cause it  
was a slight bug or abuse of the way the lib works but it is still  
Glaxgors stupidity.  Anyway Mudmail me and tell me yay or nay and you  
will get a good chuckle out of it anyway.  

From: vital
Subj: damage type evaluation

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 15 14:51

If I wanted to set up the ~dest/spaceport/obj/weapon/super_pda.c to give 
some information about dtypes, are there some functions already built in 
to give it that functionality [so I don't go about ghettoing the super, 
highly ghetto resistant dtype code]? 
Vital 

From: vital
Subj: An Opportunity

Cc: (To: jareel) boltar,vital,vertebaker,fred,forbin,fakir,francesco
Date: Sep 15 15:11

The seniors have decided that your behavior has not been entirely 
consistent with the values that Nirvana strives to promote. There 
have been a few problems that we want to address with you and we 
are hoping that this will lead to an overall better understand of 
how to proceed. 
 
1). Code updates need to be logged in your work report. Updating 
something that you are currently working on [not in the game is 
one thing] and can [and did] have serious side effects on the 
overall game. 
 
2). Desting your player characters is not a perk or priviledge of 
being a wizard and should not happen. There are good reasons to 
dest a player, but these should generally also be noted, as it 
often involves something else that needs to be fixed. 
 
3). Sharing information with players is not a good idea and can 
often be insidious and hard to control. You really need to watch 
what you say and do with regards to the Knights guild and with 
players who are 'concerned' over the status of Mondar. 
 
As part of this learning opportunity, we have decided to change 
your level temporarily to 40, pending an evaluation period not 
less than 30 days and not more than 60. After that time, your 
position will be reviewed and steps taken to either restore your 
levels or determine if any further action needs to take place. 
 
Vital 

From: vital
Subj: demotion

Cc: (To: mosobp) boltar,vital,vertebraker,fred,forbin,fakir,francesco
Date: Sep 15 15:54

After speaking with the other seniors, we have decided that 
you would be better off in the realm of players in Nirvana. 
You have trouble following the guidelines documented in the 
/doc/build and on the wizard bulletin board. 
 
You have abused bugs and what is perhaps even worse, failed 
to report them or take steps to have them fixed. You were 
given a responsibility when you were promoted to improve the 
game and have not held that responsibility up. Coding for the 
game is a privilege and not a right. 
 
If, after a period not less than 30 days, you feel like you 
are once again ready to contribute to the development of the 
game and abide by the established rules, you may contact the 
seniors again and petition for sponsorship again at that time. 
Note: There are likely to be stipulations added before any 
reinstatement is made. 
 
Vital 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   damage type evaluation
Date: Sep 15 16:16

what information are you trying to gleam? 

From: jareel
Subj: Mondar change.

Cc: vertebraker,fakir,fred
Date: Sep 15 22:10

I was going to make Mondar grab any corpse in the room that 
he killed but figurerd I would ask before I made the change.  
I was also going to make him chase players who attacked him  
within my area.  But I was going to do that a little later 
when I figure it out.  If I can make these changes send me 
a mail. 
 
Jareel 

From: boltar
Subj: living.c

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 17 02:34

 
 
Somebody changed living.c today. monsters were hitting 2x.  
I didn't find it in personal work reports, going to check other places in a 
moment. replaced with backup moved todays copy to obvious file name.  
 

From: boltar
Subj: player too

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 17 15:16

 
 
guess my reverting to just a backup living.c broke player and broke the mud 
at reboot time. 
 
Ya guys cant leave me fixing blind. Yeah I f'd up by not checking if player  
would load. I should have. but still....  
 
-Bp 
 

From: punk
Subj: broke guild obj

Date: Sep 17 21:10

Yo, my guild obj is all jacked up. 

From: x
Subj: Elysium

Cc: (To: krillgeta) glaxgor,boltar,vital,fakir
Date: Sep 18 07:27

Sir, 
 
My suggestion to you is to cease and desist 
all actions regarding recruitment to Elysium. 
If your intent here is to subvert our dwindling 
player pool to that cheap imitation, then you 
will find yourself banished from the MUD. 
NO Nirvana player has ANY business RECRUITING 
for other MUDs on this one, ESPECIALLY for one 
MUD which is nothing more than a stolen copy. 
This is your final warning, the next step is 
permanent site banishment and your loss of 
privileges in regards to mudding here. 

From: x
Subj: living mod

Cc: (To: boltar) vital
Date: Sep 18 07:28

I apologize about the living mod, I went linkdead 
before I could verify the change. I've been having 
PC trouble. I'll hold off on making any crucial changes 
until I can verify whether my connection is working 
properly or not. 

From: vital
Subj: guild_login()

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 18 13:53

in the process of restoring the player.c after moving living.c, the 
version with guild_login() was lost 
 
I replaced that. 
v. 

From: vital
Subj: /obj/player.c

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Sep 18 14:19

updated player.c with version from 1.5 weeks ago. The changes you made 
with regards to the titles of players with objects that affect shorts 
such as the player_short_object's weren't in that one. 
 
I'll let you handle that. 
Vital 

From: wocket
Subj: Rwear.c

Date: Sep 18 15:46

I changed /players/vital/Ranger/Commands/Rwear.c lines 57 and 76 from 
QuerySkillLevel("armor") to PO->QuerySkillLevel("armor") It was giving 
Hercules a sensative mind error.  Let me know if there are any problems 
caused by the change, but it seems to be working well now. 
 
  -wocket 

From: vital
 Re:   Rwear.c
Cc: (To: wocket) vital
Date: Sep 19 06:11

Thanks. It should have been the PO->QuerySkillLevel("armor"); 
apologies all around. 
vital 

