From: worm
Subj: hey

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,earwax
Date: Oct 16 13:41

ya know, we have storm, at Glvl 8. never used. 
this guild was original formed as Shardak Assassins. 
an old Assassin move, disarm, would fit so well. 
can ya dump Storm and give us a 'disarm' ability? 
sure, all they gotta do is rewield it, but i think in 
the thick of combat, it'd help us so much more than 
'storm'. lemme know what you guys think. and thanks  
for your time. 
-me 

From: fred
Subj: Than/Vahiti

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,forbin,earwax,francesco
Date: Oct 16 15:46

I jailed them both for multiplaying/cheating.  I didn't say anything 
just jailed Vahiti and he hasn't logged on since.  Imprisoned Than 
on an impending imprisonment since he wasn't on anymore.  Basically 
Vahiti died to mondar lost corpse.  Logged off. Logged Than on.  Killed 
Mondar with Than.  Cleipa got mondar corpse brought to casino room.  
Than logged off, logged on Vahiti and got stuff from corpse that  
Cleipa had in room.  Will also probably jail Cleipa for basically  
passing equipment helping out.  Just thought I'd let you guys know  
what was going on since I don't know for sure if I'll be on when 
ever it is Vahiti logs back in. 
 
Fred 

From: mosobp
 Re:   /players/mosobp/areas/HOUSING/rooms/h14.c
Date: Oct 16 16:19

thanx nope wasnt intentional 
moso 

From: earwax
 Re:   Than/Vahiti
Cc: (To: fred) vertebraker,vital,forbin,earwax,francesco
Date: Oct 16 17:35

If you get jailed, you shouldn't be allowed to login another char. 
Therefore we should make it so you can't quit from there, combine 
that with rules against multi-playing, jail becomes much more of a 
deterrent, since the only way you could logon another char would be 
to disconnect and wait for that char to poof.   

From: earwax
Subj: multiple slot armors

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Oct 17 06:25

Check out living.c, armor.c, _armors.c in my dir...they are for 
the corresponding inherits and the /bin/play/_armors.c command. 
I tested the armor.c, but I can't do anything with the living.c of 
course, unless I want to go through a whole lot of shit to test. 
Anyways, it won't be perfect, I don't know what else checks 
query_type() besides armors command and various id commands, but 
anything that does use it can be switched to accept an string array 
and display query_types() instead. 
 
New funs in armor.c: 
add_type(string type) 
add_types(string *types) 
remove_type(string type) 
remove_types(string *types) 
string *return_types(); 
 
Changed wear() and remove_wear() in living.c to work with it. 
Armors.c should show the armor in all slots it's applicable to. 
 
From a functionality perspective, it should be fine for the most 
part, it's just that things would have to be switched to accept the 
array from query_types() over time in stuff like developer short() 
displays.  I'd prolly have to write a doc on it I guess.   
 
-Dave 
 
doh, almost forgot, added the types to the id() in armor.c as well. 
 
Those 3 files are in ~/earwax for right now. 

From: hercules
Subj: bugs, or just some info

Date: Oct 17 12:04

Hi V, 
1.u need to add the \n at the end of the msg that zordon gives when ranger tries  
to call zord when not morphed.... 
2.not that i understand why we need unmorph ,now that u set that we can recall the zord w/o reloging, 
but when i unmorph, the zord sticks around,which is kinda weird... 
:) 
Yours, 
The green ranger 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   hey
Cc: (To: worm) vital,earwax
Date: Oct 17 17:21

no guild work is going to be done on shardaks 
for a while. it would sort of be pointless 
at the moment. the guild will be rewritten at 
some point. i don't know when. 
 
:~( 

From: vertebraker
Subj: oops

Cc: (To: earwax) vital
Date: Oct 17 17:23

can you handle this vital. :P 

From: martha
Subj: rick

Cc: x
Date: Oct 17 21:21

Hey there!  Just writing because Rick has been unable to 
log on. He is getting a sensitive mind error notice.  I also get 
one when I finger him.  Not sure if it has to do with his Ranger 
object or something else.  I just wanted to let you know because I 
was not sure how to fix him. 
Thanks 

From: vertebraker
Subj: dev mud

Date: Oct 18 03:02

dev mud is getting updated to the current lib. 
i'm getting shell access there. 

From: hercules
Subj: team alignment

Date: Oct 19 16:12

Hi V. 
another thought... 
when i party... 
actually it's not just rangers prob,but it concerns us .... 
i noticed when i [party for long time, after i log again,my aligment drops alot... 
is there a way we can get alignment points when we party (with other rangers) or something 
so those who're not leading wont drop thier aligment ? 
like i said,just an idea ... 
yours, 
the green test ranger 

From: hercules
Subj: Center's items

Date: Oct 19 18:55

Hi V. 
u should make the remote locator and comera untakeable, like alpha and zordon 
ppl pick them up sommetimes and they create bugs 
Yours, 
the green test dummy 
*** 

From: vertebraker
Subj: shell access

Date: Oct 20 00:36

i have shell access to the dev mud now. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: channel daemon

Date: Oct 21 03:15

when is the channel daemon going to be operational 
on mud channels . 

From: earwax
Subj: 2 things I missed, now that I think about it:

Date: Oct 21 09:46

can you add the following function to armor.c: 
void set_types(string *arg) { Types = arg; } 
 
and can you add a check into add_type() for the following: 
if it's a ring or earring, and there's only 1 in Types, OR if  
member_array() on it is < 0 Types += ({ arg }) or whatever the variable 
i used in there..... 
 
I forgot about rings, earrings with that, since there can be two. 
 
Sorry, i fucked up with it :( heh 

From: vital
 Re:   2 things I missed, now that I think about it:
Cc: (To: earwax) vital
Date: Oct 21 10:32

Also, what about the set_types() and add_types() functions. Those don't 
check for multiple identical types. I mean, it would just make the armor 
useless, so a developer would probably figure it out pretty quick, but 
I didn't know if we wanted armor to check for that. 
 
I would argue for NOT adding it in, as we may further modify the armor 
selection at a later date [for instance if we made it so that you could 
wear 10 rings]. This would allow for that growth. On the other hand, it 
has the potential to bork armor for the unsuspecting developer. 
 
--little v. 

From: vital
Subj: _armors.c command

Cc: (To: earwax) vital
Date: Oct 21 11:51

A couple of thoughts/comments. On items like the combined rings and others 
that use multiple slots, should we list the item multiple times? The 
combined rings look stupid seeing two of them. One each under ring and 
ring2. Not sure how you would want to tackle that. Check if the object is 
the same and then just not display that slot? No, that would be confusing 
too. Ideally we could have something that displays: 
 
Ring 1 & Ring 2 - Combined Rings Chest, Armor & Helmet - Hooded Sweatshirt 
Pants, Boots & Underwear - Bootie Pajamas 
 
Maybe? --little v. 

From: vital
Subj: orbs

Cc: (To: jaraxle) vital,vertebraker,fred
Date: Oct 21 16:19

had to edit /players/jaraxle/3rd/alt/items/flame.c and backed up the 
original in the bak/ directory in the same location. I tried to comment on 
the changes I made, several parts of the code seem redundant and were 
actually causing them to load at main armor types. You'll probably want to 
apply similar changes to the other orbs [nature's blessing is also bugging] 
or I can get them if you don't catch this first. 
 
thanks vital 

From: vital
Subj: id bug in id.c

Cc: (To: francesco) vital
Date: Oct 21 16:22

I pulled your castle and tried to fix /players/francesco/univ/items/id.c as 
it was causing an issue with it's id of id. I'll get back to it later 
tomorrow after i get done. 
thanks, 
vital 

From: earwax
 Re:   _armors.c command
Date: Oct 21 17:13

Something like that - I'm at a loss for it personally, i'll give it thought later 

From: vertebraker
Subj: jaraxle's orbs

Cc: fred
Date: Oct 22 01:05

i wrote an inherit for all of his orbs and a sample usage of it 
for him to fix them all. DO NOT FIX THEM FOR HIM. 
we have other things to do than continually fix his crappy code. 
he has to learn eventually, and now he's active anyways. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: mud ftp dev mud

Date: Oct 22 04:08

mud ftp on the dev mud should be ok now. 

From: vital
Subj: bak dirs

Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital,fred
Date: Oct 23 14:56

I created a bak/ directory in most of the lib dirs so that as files are 
updated they can be moved into those directories and not accumulate. 
 
Please put a note in the file header as to what is changed and a date. Name 
the backed up file something like <filename.yyyy.mm.dd> where yyyy.mm.dd is 
year.month.day, so we can keep track of rollbacks should it become 
necessary. 
 
Thanks, 
little v. - anal retentive structured disciplinarian 

From: vertebraker
 Re:   bak dirs
Date: Oct 25 00:46

you should write a backup command. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: access rewrite

Cc: (To: boltar) vital,fred
Date: Oct 26 06:09

Implementing a somewhat major access rewrite to clean it all 
up and improve its speed. When it fubar's, just replace player.c 
with player.armageddon and mail me a description of what 
went wrong. Thanks. 
 
Tom 

From: vertebraker
Subj: news read

Date: Oct 26 21:34

Think there could be an option to review any new messages posted 
in the last week?  That way people don't have to keep going thru 
all the different posts. 

From: unforgiving
Subj: Bugs.

Cc: (To: vertebraker) sparkle,vital,earwax,fakir,jara,stardream,boltar,forbin,morpheus,linus,pestilence,beck,feldegast,wocket,eurale,star
Date: Oct 27 00:21

Not sure the bug you think I am abusing.  If your talking about the jinro 
monster I think the fact he killed me a bunch of times proves its not a 
bug.  I saw  that you changed mythos monsters so people can not leave said 
rooms or what not. As far as anything else, I have just logged on to idle 
mostly.  And maybe look at gossip or something a bit.  As far as being a 
wiz, I had finished the expansion on my area and was just going to ftp it 
and have wax approve it or tell me what needed to be changed, balanced and 
I cant Ftp so I was  just going to drop it.  There are things I did as a 
wiz character I  shouldn't have.  I admit that and I did not get pissed 
about it when I had levels removed from me.  I far from abuse any bugs as a 
player actually as far as bugs go as a player I really don't know any, I 
know how to kill stuff using judo against a mob, using their own strength 
against them or using abilities that I can get from the game to the fullest 
advantage, in no way  do I find crazy bugs and abuse them.  If I did I 
would be a much higher level than level 5 and I would kill much cooler 
stuff than Patrons in pizza hut.  If you are delusional enough to think 
that killing a Patron or a driver in pizza hut warrants abuse than you need 
an enema to get what ever  is stuck up your butt out. is stuck up your butt 
out. Heh Zmud, anyway this Mudmail was directed at Vert but I figure it 
will end  up in his Mbox anyway cause he is a tool so I will just mudmail 
it to  all who would see it anyway. 
 
Peace out. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: addendum

Cc: (To: unforgiving) vital
Date: Oct 27 00:29

Stop running your mouth. 
If you want to continue, don't login. 
I don't need to be told how much of a tool I am. 
Much less have it broadcasted to people that I don't even know. 
If your case assumably was that I am unfairly discriminating 
against you by doing nothing, then you're wrong. We gave you plenty 
of chances which you kept blowing. Then you decided to continue 
running your mouth and now, abusing bugs. That's about it. 
Don't play stupid and don't call names. Just login, or don't. 
If you are going to login and continue acting like an infant, 
then you'll be stripped of the ability to login. 
It's up to you. 

From: vertebraker
Subj: list_assigned_roles

Date: Oct 27 04:00

check out list_assigned_roles. 
any more changes i should make ? 

From: vertebraker
Subj: just curious

Date: Oct 27 23:52

why are some message headers in red, some in blue? 
just curious 

From: vertebraker
Subj: acuff

Date: Oct 28 04:20

Wow. Thanks for introducing me to Roy Acuff. 
fREAKING AMAZING 
* 
 
uh, er 

From: vertebraker
Subj: lacar

Date: Oct 28 16:55

Lacar doing something yet? 

From: vital
 Re:   lacar
Cc: (To: vertebraker) vital
Date: Oct 28 23:17

Not yet. We've been doing some "training" mostly and trying to get her up 
to speed. She's having some difficulty making the cognitive distinctions 
between being 'in' a place and 'at' a file location. :) 
 
She'll get there though. 

From: sparkle
Subj: Contest

Cc: sparkle
Date: Oct 29 05:18

Heyas Vital. I was talking with Verte today about a contest that I would 
like to throw here. It was originally an idea that Earwax brought to me. I 
love poetry and would love to see the poetry thread in the news utilized. 
So whats better than a poetry contest? What I am wondering though is if 
there is a way, if we do this, for players to utilize the news program and 
post their entries under the poetry section there. Then the judges can go 
in and make a decision based on the poetry posted. It would be a way for 
people to get used to the new news program and maybe a way to stir up some 
fun interest in something new here. 
 
Verte suggested I talk to you so maybe you can help figure something out 
with me about the players posting in news. If you can help, please let me 
know. I would appreciate any help! I told Verte that we would get together 
beginning of next week and try to get things rolling on this. If players 
cannot post there, we will use the mail system instead and maybe post top 5 
to the news. 
 
Thanks for your time and any help! 
 
Sparkle 

From: viper
Subj: Gogeta

Date: Oct 29 08:56

I only told him to not teleport to players that are in wizards workroom cause he can get in trouble for it. 
Then he started stuff with me saying that I should set PK and we can find out who the better Ranger is. 
That's the only reason why I said I was going to kick him out if he didnt stop. 

From: korn
Subj: rangers

Cc: vertebraker
Date: Oct 30 16:42

I logged in, and i like went into darkness and i have lost 
my guild object.  If i could get fixed i'd greatly appreciate it 
Thanks. 
Korn 

From: vertebraker
Subj: maledicta

Cc: (To: angel) beck,catt,earwax,eurale,fakir,feldegast,forbin,francesco,fred,gemini,illarion,jamila,jara,jaraxle,jenny,khrell,lacar,linus,lishe,martha,mokri,mosobp,pain,pavlik,pestilence,sampson,skie,sparkle,star,stardream,subotai,tristian,veeshan,vital,wocket,wren,zeus
Date: Oct 31 15:44

 
  Maledicta [the wizard] wishes to return to Nirvana. 
  Please mail a vote [yes/no] and your comment to Vertebraker 

From: earwax
Subj: query_actions

Cc: vertebraker
Date: Oct 31 23:18

We got a doc for it, so doc prolly should be removed, as the efun 
itself is an undefined function.  It would be very very nice if we 
actually had this efun(), and if query_verbs() just returned the  
array rather than printing them out, btw :) 
 
just random thoughts as i ponder my sheeplovin weekly 

From: vertebraker
Subj: ~vital/closed/news/composer

Date: Nov  1 01:09

players/vital/closed/news/composer.c: Return type not matching: "void " 
line 120 
 
fixed from return 1 to return  
 
poster wasn't loading/cloning 

From: vertebraker
Subj: cwiz

Date: Nov  1 04:24

we should ditch the cwiz channel. 
all wizes should be coding anyway. 
laf. 

