Some ideas to make this mud a little more fun for players.

1) I believe that advancement should be limitless (or close to it) based on experience.  Experience is the 
only true thing in the mud that has to be earned by that player.  It cannot be given without direct player 
interaction.  Now there are a lot of issues surrounding this point.  Mainly we have to be able to control the 
rate at which a player may gain exp, and more importantly how easily they can gain it.  I think a lot of the 
previous changes in the mud affect this and not much work would have to be done to keep this in check.
Another issue that goes along with this is how much does a player advance limitlessly.  With this concept I 
do not mean a large benefit here.  Maybe an improvement of WC 1 over 10 million exp (a player does not 
even have to know exactly what it is).  The important fact is that it exists.  A player is much more likely to 
spend time exploring, going for experience, and spend time using one character if it will bring them benefit, 
no matter how small. 
This advancement should also be guild based so that everyone is not trying to attain the same thing.  The 
limitless benefits can vary in type from guild to guild.  Maybe its AC in one guild, maybe it’s a stronger pet 
in another.  In any case though each guild should have a well-defined 1 or 2 things that can increase 
limitlessly.

2) Monsters need to be adapted some for the differences in guilds.  Right now there is a power struggle 
with guilds in that the strongest has the most members and the others are left at the side.  The reason for 
this is that all the good monsters are level 20 and they all fight similar  (ill explain this in a sec.)
The first thing I would change is the monster exp and gold rules.  There is a huge change from a level 19 to 
a level 20 monster with how much exp they give.  I think the monsters should go from level 1-40 with 
appropriate exp each and a consistent sliding scale of max cash rewards.  Even if the 1-20 system is kept 
the rewards should evened out.
Second of all monsters should fight differently from each other.  A simple idea, which could easily be 
implemented, would be have 2 distinct attack categories (spells and weapons).  Both monsters and guilds 
would adhere to this (minor change from the way it works now).  Anyway what would happen is a monster 
uses either weapon or spell or combo attack with certain strength.  Also the monsters would have defense 
that is specific for these too (e.g. 50% resistance to spells attacks) This would allow flexibility enough that 
some players in certain guilds may go through one certain type of monster like wildfire while get their butts 
kicked in by others.  For other guilds it would be different.  
The effect this would have is to make comparing guilds (from a player standpoint) much harder.  If guilds 
weren’t clearly better than one another, people would join different ones and possibly assume more of a 
role playing mentality.  This would also add some flexibility in what wizzes can add to or remove from a 
guild without disrupting the balance of that guild, or the rest of the mud.

3) Party exp should not be penalized.  I somewhat understand the concept of this, but I think exp is better 
limited in other ways.  On this mud hardly anyone parties and the main reason I’m given is that they get 
more exp from soloing.  Another idea I had on this was to take the exp that is currently deducted from party 
exp and give that to solely the leader instead.  This would make is so moochers don’t load up on exp but the 
benefit of being a party leader is worth it to those who assume that role.

4) All equipment should “store”.  It seems absurd that only the “crap” stuff can store.  I see no reason why 
a player might want to explore and get some hard to find item, when they get to use it for less than an hour 
in many cases.  Now of course the way we think of storing items has to be changed in order to suppress the 
drawbacks of this (hundreds of great weapons out there).  I believe players should be able to keep what 
equipment they have on them without storing.  Also I think we should get rid of having lockers and hotel 
rooms storing items (except maybe max of 2-3 total).  To keep players from amassing too much stuff a 
weight restriction should go farther in that combat is reduced by weight (same as intoxication does)
Also weapons and armor might have different power depending on what guild is using them.  (I.e. that 
blaster may be the ultimate cyber weapon but might as well be scrap metal for knights).
With all the many other restrictions in place (thinks like breakage) and many more I can think of but wont 
go into here, we can almost eliminate all but a couple of copies of each of the powerful stuff.

Now I have tried to break this into sections that could be implemented separately since we cant just go 
change the whole system at once.  I would like your thoughts on these items and maybe any amendments of 
additions to what you see here.  I would be willing to spearhead and projects for implementing these ideas 
and have already thought of many ways they could be coded.
Thank you for your time in reading this.

Beck
