The runes on Moadeep's Guitar glow a bright silver.
Moadeep starts to waver and fade from sight.
Moadeep vanishes completely.
It's November 22, 2003.
What?
->> Lacar tells you: need coins?

tell moadeep What depresses you worse?
Ok.
You tell moadeep What depresses you worse?
->> cuddle lacar
You cuddle Lacar.
->> tell lacar Always.
Ok.
You tell lacar Always.
->> grin lacar
You grin evilly at Lacar.

->> Moadeep tells you: green

Moby leaves on a black warhorse named Crip's fiance (style: naked and wet!!!) south.
Moby arrives on a black warhorse named Crip's fiance (style: naked and wet!!!).
The Shield of Light vanishes from around Lacar.
Moadeep plays a single, obviously magical chord on his Guitar.
A distortion appears in the air around Moby.
The runes on Moadeep's Guitar glow a bright silver.
Moadeep starts to waver and fade from sight.
Moadeep vanishes completely.
Moby asks: Like the name, Crip??

Crip's fiance (style: naked and wet!!!) looks up at Moby lovingly.
Crip says: only thing about peanuts when you buy em shelled is its work
to eay em

Crip says: change it now

tell moadeep I'm at green.
Ok.
You tell moadeep I'm at green.
->> Moby fucking lafs.

Moadeep tells you: i dont care for some of the people there namely crip

Brimstone ( player 19+1 ) has left the game.
Brimstone left the game.
tell moadeep Alright......that depresses you?
Ok.
You tell moadeep Alright......that depresses you?

->> [Power Ranger] Vital says: no marbles
Moby says: This is much better

Moby pets Summer (style: naked, wet, and sexy as shit!) lovingly.
Summer (style: naked, wet, and sexy as shit!) shows a broad 'smile' on its huge mouth.
Moby tells Summer (style: naked, wet, and sexy as shit!) to quiet down.
Matrix arrives on a black warhorse named Nightmare.
Moadeep tells you: only cause he is screwing the woman i love :(

Moby says: oops

Matrix looks at Moby
Nightmare blinks its big brown eyes.
Moby says: Summer is my GF

Moby says: She is SEXY

Matrix tells Nightmare to quiet down.
Matrix says: heh, can't see her name at all

Crip sweeps Matrix across the dance floor.
Matrix says: I hate this stupid monitor

Matrix nogs at Crip.
Moby says: WAIT

tell moadeep Hon....you know we've been over this before.  You would do well to forget her, and leave her alone.
Ok.
You tell moadeep Hon....you know we've been over this before.  You would do
well to forget her, and leave her alone.
Moadeep tells you: i cant

Moby leaves on a black warhorse named Neo anderson south.
Moby arrives on a black warhorse named Neo anderson.
Moadeep tells you: its not that simple

Matrix looks at Nightmare
Matrix laughs.
Beowulf ( player 19+7 ) has entered the game.
Moby nods solemnly.
Moadeep tells you: she was a virgin what we have is a blood bond i gave myself
totally to her

Moby leaves following Matrix.
tell moadeep Well, it really is that simple.  Are you still trying to pursue her, even against everyone's advice?
Ok.
You tell moadeep Well, it really is that simple.  Are you still trying to
pursue her, even against everyone's advice?
->> War ( player 19+18 ) has entered the game.

Autosaving character...
Moadeep tells you: that bond is something that DOES NOT GO AWAY

Matrix leaves on a black warhorse named Nightmare east.
Matrix arrives on a black warhorse named Nightmare.
Moadeep tells you: i am dieing without her i dont eat i dont sleep

tell moadeep Did she tell you that she wants you to leave her alone?
Ok.
You tell moadeep Did she tell you that she wants you to leave her alone?
->> Moadeep tells you: i dont care

Crip leaves east.
Moadeep tells you: leaving her alone is NOT an option

emto moadeep sighs.  "I'm just asking....did she -ask- you to leave her alone, whether or not you're willing to do it?"
That player is not in the room.
->> farem moadeep sighs.  "I'm just asking....did she -ask- you to leave her alone, whether or not you're willing to do it?"
Ok.
You faremote to moadeep: sighs.  "I'm just asking....did she -ask- you to leave her
alone, whether or not you're willing to do it?"
->> Moadeep tells you: no

Vital goes, "Heh.".
Steel arrives.
Steel leaves east.
farem moadeep nods.  "What -did- she say to you about your relationship?  And if she told you directly to leave her alone, would you be able to do that?"
Ok.
You faremote to moadeep: nods.  "What -did- she say to you about your relationship? 
And if she told you directly to leave her alone, would you
be able to do that?"

->> Moadeep tells you: no

Steel arrives.
Steel leaves west.
farem moadeep asks thoughtfully, "So....you're actively trying to get her back, no matter what?"
Ok.
You faremote to moadeep: asks thoughtfully, "So....you're actively trying to get her
back, no matter what?"
->> Moadeep tells you: its not a matter off wanting to

Moadeep tells you: its a matter of have to

Crip arrives.
Crip buys a bag from the machine
Crip yawns.
tell moadeep How so?
moadeep is disconnected.
Ok.
You tell moadeep How so?
farem moadeep softly says, "I don't understand this 'blood bond'.  What are you talking about, and how does it make a difference?"
moadeep is disconnected.
Ok.
You faremote to moadeep: softly says, "I don't understand this 'blood bond'.  What
are you talking about, and how does it make a difference?"

