Have all four turtles......
mikey
leo
raph
and donatello

the manage in pizza hut will ask you to bring them their bandanas once you kill them,
he will ask for these in specific order. once one of these is turned in he will ask
you for the next color of the mask for the next turtle. Once all four of these have
be gotten the he will thank you in aiding him in getting back his pizza business.

to quick off quest.....
go to pizza hut and 'inquire' about his problems with pizza service.
he well say: " Yes, indeed i have been having issues with a mutant turtle, he wears a blue
 mask and wields dual katanas...... he has been sneaking off with the pizza from my delievery
 guys and i need help to stop this thing before my business goes broke..... "

bring back the mask from leonardo and type 'turn in mask' and manager will think you.

then he will say: " Thank you for this favor but i need you to address one of the same monsters, 
 he wears a purple mask and seems to be sneaking around a night as well stealing pizza and cold
 drinks from my cooler and other places, please bring my his mask and stop this problem from
 happening."
 
bring back the mask from donatello and type 'turn in mask' and manager will think you.

Then he will sigh deeply and shake his head and say: " sorry to ask you this final time but i have
 two more of those beasts that remain a terror and a big impact on the funds and profits of my company
 they seem to pull pranks and harass the drivers to distract them and take the pizza and vanish without
 a trace of sign bring these back and i will reward you greatly."
 
bring back the mask from michaelangelo and raphael and type 'turn in mask' and manager will think you.

Then the manager will dance around and praise you as he thanks you and reweards you deeply for your work
 in aiding him to better his business and getting rid of those creatures that plagued down his business.
 
He gifts you the questpoints allowed for the quest and Martial arts bandana that gives you a bonus when
you use the weapons dropped by the turtles.