[1;37mIndex[2;37;0m
The Wizard Handbook index:
welcome  rules1  creativity1  interaction1  area1  terms1
         rules2  creativity2  interaction2  area2
         rules3               interaction3  area3
                                            area4
The information in this handbook has been written by many
wizards over the years, most recently by Vital and Vertebraker.
Updated: -[31mEurale[2;37;0m on 29/09/02 -[31mVital[2;37;0m on 08/05/2005.

[1;37mWelcome[2;37;0m
	The immortal staff of Nirvana wants to congratulate you on your
accomplishment and welcome you aboard. You should know right off that
your efforts will not always be welcomed by all the players but that
should not dampen your enthusiasm to make Nirvana a better and more
exciting place. In most cases any of us will be more than willing to
assist you as you get started or guide you along when you have
specific questions about how to do or deal with something.
	There will be lots for you to learn and it takes time to become
comfortable dealing with the many issues that confront you. We were
all where you are now and we will try to be sympathetic and
understanding as you progress through the learning process. Most of
all, we want you to enjoy your wizard experience and hope that you
leave a little piece of yourself somewhere in the land of Nirvana for
the future players to explore and enjoy. Don't be afraid to ask about
anything as it's the way most of us learned. You can see a list of
wizard commands by typing [1;34mwizhelp 21[2;37;0m. Again, we want to congratulate
you and say 'welcome aboard'.
    -Boltar and his immortal staff

[1;37mTerms 1[2;37;0m
wiztool -    This is an object that has many built-in commands to
             help wizards when dealing with players. It can help
             to facilitate changes in player stats and/or string
             variables. Exercise caution when making changes to 
             any objects already in the game [players, guilds, etc].
             [[31mNOTE[2;37;0m: Wizards below lvl 40 cannot have a wiztool.]
                 
test character - In order to test the various objects that one codes
                 and to avoid using the player base, wizzes sometimes
                 create another character that they use specifically
                 to test these objects. Be sure all test characters
                 are clearly labeled as such.

[1;37mInteraction 1[2;37;0m
	The wizard structure here is by levels. If a wizard of higher
level asks you to do or not to do something, respect their level 
and comply with their requests. If you feel that the request was
unreasonable, mail your sponsor or the appropriate senior wizard
about it. Wizards here have attained their levels through their
contributions and/or expertise. Lower level wizards are expected
to respect their requests unless they are superceded by a higher
level wizard.

	Public bickering among wizards will not be tolerated. If you
have an issue with a wizard that is higher level than you, mail
your sponsor or their sponsor. You might even mail Boltar but the
[31mchain of command[2;37;0m is here for a reason so continuing the fight
because you didn't get your way may do you more harm than good.
Almost anything can be worked out with a little understanding. We
are all here because we want to make Nirvana a better place so
keep that in mind.

[1;37mInteraction 2[2;37;0m
	Although you came from the player ranks and probably have friends
there, it is important that you keep wizard/player interaction to a
minimum. Do not give out information about the game that the players
cannot find out themselves by playing the game. As a wizard you have
access to much more information than the player base and we do not
expect that information to be shared. If you're not sure what should
be shared, tell the player to ask a senior or higher level wizard
about it. Simple rule: When in doubt, pass the buck.

	[31mDo not[2;37;0m share wizard information with players either. You may know
who is about to be promoted or demoted or which wizards are arguing
about something but that is not for players to know. Wizard business
should remain wizard business without exception. Sharing of this kind
of information will almost surely mean a demotion back to player
status. Permanently.

	Every wizard's code is their property and should be treated as
such. Do not copy/borrow anyone's code without their permission. Most
wizards put a great deal of time into their work and will almost always
share their efforts with you if you ask. So, respect their efforts
by asking first and if they tell you no, maybe another wizard can help
you with the project.

[1;37mInteraction 3[2;37;0m
	If a player is misbehaving, annoying other players purposely,
spamming any of the channels, cursing over public channels (except
risque) or in any way disrupting the game play of others and they
will not stop after you've asked them to, do NOT dest them but use
the [1;34mimprison[2;37;0m command to put them in jail [be sure to note the
reason and the length of the sentence. They should remain there
until the punishment has been served. The hardest part about dealing
with players is that sometimes we don't like what they're doing but
it is within the game rules for them to do it. Any time you deal
with players, you should log your actions and reason so that later
they cannot come back and claim something that isn't accurate or
didn't happen. Keeping a log of all your actions is also a great way
to protect yourself. You don't have to be the sole police officer on
duty. Get other wizards to help you.

	We want you to be excited about the things you code. Nothing you
code should be shown to or shared with the player base until it has
been approved, however. Trying to explain why your [31mcool item[2;37;0m isn't
in the game because it was illegal is hard after you've already
shown it to all your friends. So just hold your horses until it's
approved. They'll all love it just as much a few days later.

[1;37mRules 1[2;37;0m
    Wizards are supposed to be an example to players. The higher the
level you attain, the better the example you should set. Remember,
you have chosen to ascend to the wizard ranks. Most importantly, use
your common sense and use decency when dealing with both players and
your fellow wizards.

	All wizards are expected to adhere to the behavior standards in
[1;34mhelp wiz_behavior[2;37;0m. These guidelines were established to remind
wizards that our main goal on Nirvana is to create new things and help
out players when they truly need it. Being an annoyance to other
wizards or players negates the reason to have you here as a wizard.
Your job is to contribute positively to the game and to foster trust
between the player/wizard ranks.

[1;37mRules 2[2;37;0m
	If there is no command to do what you want to do in [1;34mwizhelp[2;37;0m then
[31mdo not[2;37;0m attempt to do that action. As you gain levels you will be given
more freedom to do other things. Always try to consider your fellow
wizards and players collectively when trying to figure out what to do.
In the end, you should always try to do what is best for Nirvana and
most of all, be fair.

	Wizard test characters should be clearly titled so that noone can
mistake them for part of the player base. The excuse that [31mI thought
everyone knew[2;37;0m will not be acceptable. No test character should be
created that will affect the top players list nor should any test
character be given to any other player to play or experiment with.

[1;37mRules 3[2;37;0m
	There is a wizard board located south of the advance room. Items
of interest are posted there for discussion or general knowledge so it
is expected that all wizards read these messages on a regular basis.

	We've all been involved with players that test our resolve and
learning to deal with them fairly is something that sometimes requires
help. If you really need to be invisible to work, please do not
hesitiate to do so.

	If you are logged in as a wizard, do not log in as a player
character and vice versa. Until you get your first area finished and
approved, there are too many distractions and conflicts. This will
both protect you and your position as a creative member of Nirvana's
development team, and will reduce the chances of being caught up in
previous mentioned distractions and conflicts.

[1;37mCreativity 1[2;37;0m
	Creativity is a very important asset. If you would like to try
something that you think would be interesting and/or beneficial to
Nirvana, but you are concerned about whether or not it is legal, be
sure to have it checked out by a senior wizard. Usually a compromise
can be worked out so that Nirvana and its players can benefit from
your efforts. Try to keep in mind that game balance is essential and
that new and creative ideas do not have to always be something that
pushes the envelope of protection or power.

	Every wizard is responsible for his or her own code. If something
illegal is found, it will not be blamed on the approving wizard but on
the coder who coded it. You will be expected to follow the rules in
[1;37m/doc/build/RULES[2;37;0m for all items that you code. Again, if you're
unsure about the legality of an item you've coded, get approval from
a senior wizard.

[1;37mCreativity 2[2;37;0m
	For the most part you will be given the benefit of the doubt. If
your item/guild/monster/whatever is approved, it is assumed to be
legal. However, if it is discovered that it is not within the confines
of the rules you can expect serious repercussions. All reports of
illegal objects are investigated so it is vitally important that you
police yourself and your code.

	Any wizard, including senior wizards, that code an
item/monster/room that falls outside the [1;37m/doc/build/RULES[2;37;0m guidelines
must have it approved by another senior wizard and/or Boltar. Our
biggest problems have arisen because we let one person code something
[31moutside[2;37;0m the rules and that quickly becomes the [31mnorm[2;37;0m for all the
code that follows. Being creative doesn't mean making the the game
easier for everyone, it's convincing the players that what you've
coded is unique, useful and something worth getting.

[1;37mArea 1[2;37;0m
	Everyone is usually excited about coding their first area and
getting it into play. This sometimes leads to problems such as bad or
not thought out ideas, duplication of another area's theme, poor
looking room descriptions, etc. Discuss your ideas for your first area
with your sponsor and give it as much thought as you can. You and your
sponsor will come up with a more complete picture of what your area
should entail. In order to make sure there is some uniformity in code
here, your first area should generally meet the following
requirements:

	15 - 20 rooms. Each room should have its own room description.
Nothing is more boring to players than to read the same description
over and over. Proper grammar and punctuation should be used and that
includes indentation to start a room description or new paragraph,
correct spelling and sentence structure. The room description should
be from 4-7 lines long and each line should be approximately 70
characters in length.

[1;37mArea 2[2;37;0m
	7 - 10 monsters. Your first area should be a low to mid level area
so keep your monsters straight forward. You should get used to coding
approximately one monster for every two rooms. We are trying to avoid
[31mslaughter houses[2;37;0m where players can stay in one location and kill
continuously. Each monster should be unique and if they wouldn't
normally be carrying money, then they shouldn't have any. Code some
treasure instead that players can sell for the coins. Put some thought
into this process and you'll find players will visit more often just
because it's entertaining. Pay particular attention to the monster's
alignment as doing what comes naturally doesn't necessarily make them
evil or good.

    [1;37mOther Thoughts:[2;37;0m
        It is not uncommon for new wizards to code way too many
      monsters that don't make sense for the area.  For example, you
      wouldn't find dinosaurs in outer space carrying money so think
      about it.
        Talk with your sponsor about coding style. [31mHow[2;37;0m you code is
      often as important or even more so than [31mwhat[2;37;0m you code. This
      includes directory layouts, file names, and the layout of the
      code inside those files.
        You should include a README file with a general description of
      the area and anything special one might expect to find.

[1;37mArea 3[2;37;0m
	The biggest problem with new areas is the descriptions. When you
[31mlook[2;37;0m at something, you should get a description of [31mwhat[2;37;0m you see.
Too often you get all kinds of information [31mexcept[2;37;0m what the item looks
like. When someone walks into a room, they want to see what the room
looks like, what items are in the the room, what hangs on the walls.
They should not see a description of the objects in the room. The same
should hold true for any monsters or items.

	By looking at an object players should [31mnot[2;37;0m be told how they feel
or where it might be headed. It is up to you as the coder to [31mmake[2;37;0m the
players see exactly the same thing as you envision. Pretend you are
the eyes of the player. Look at every noun in the room and make sure
it is described. If you mention another different noun in the item
description, you should have a description for that as well. It's very
frustrating for both the coder and the person doing the approval when
these things aren't done from the beginning.

	Don't try to get too fancy with your first area. You'll have
plenty of time to dazzle everyone later. This is a time to provide a
sample of both the quality and creativity you are going to bring to
Nirvana. You are surely going to want to look at examples and your
sponsor should be able to provide those for you or you can look at
[1;37m/open/examples[2;37;0m. Consider this first area a test.

[1;37mArea 4[2;37;0m
	Here's a suggestion. Only do 3 or 4 complete rooms and then ask
for someone to look at them. That way, if there is a problem, you
won't have so much to fix.

	For those that are experienced coders and want to work off-line,
you can use port 3000 to FTP your work to and from Nirvana. You will
need an FTP client to upload to [34mnirvana.mudservices.com 3000[2;37;0m with your
wizard name and password.

	Much of the information you will need to complete your first area
can be found in [1;37m/doc/build/RULES[2;37;0m. Get familiar with this information
before you start rather than have to go back and redo lots of your
work when it could have been avoided. Your sponsor should be a
valuable source of information as well as many of the other immortal
staff. We all make mistakes so you're bound to as well. The secret is
how you handle your failures. We're glad you have elected to join us
and look forward to your success so good luck.

