Joining/Advancement/Guild Rules "may be edited"

1. If you leave the guild or if you are expel, you cannot rejoin. 

2. Only Wizards of the First Order or Wizards who have a craft can let new members into the guild. The Wizard is in charge of teaching their new Pupil and is therefore responsible. This Wizard shall be the one who will teach the new Pupil new spells and promote. Once the Wizard has passed on all available knowledge that the pupil has asked for, the pupil must find a new Wizard of a Craft. Once one is found that Wizard is then responsible of their new pupil. A Wizard can have a pupil and be a pupil himself as long as he or she is maxed in their portion. A Wizard of the First Order is a maxed Basic Wizard. So if a WFO joins a craft that a WFO is needed as a requirement they can still recruit. However members of the Second Order cannot bring in new members. They can however allow people of the second order join their Craft, but only if they are maxed in it themselves. For sake of argument, First Order - War Wizard, Second Order - Healer. a War Wizard can make anyone into a basic Wizard, even if he isn't maxed as a War Wizard because he was already a maxed Wizard of the First Order. But he cannot make people into a War Wizard until he is maxed. However a Healer cannot recruit Basic Wizards, but if the Healer is maxed the healer can make a Basic Wizard into a Healer Wizard.  (Hope I haven't lost you)

3. The Guild comes first foremost, so if you choose to ally yourself its fine. You however cannot abandon a Guildmate because your allies call for you. Here is a sinario.

First Order is told by a Templar that he is needed to defend their guild hall, yet First Order is helping a Second Order with something such as xp, coins, etc. The First Order must then tell the Templar that he not able to come help at that time and that when he has a minute he will do what he can. 

War Wizard is a Criminal because he assisted a Criminal, yet Healer is a Templar ally. War Wizard needs help and has asked Healer to assist him. Healer was warned that if he helps War Wizard that Healer will be kicked out of alliance. The Healer then has one or two choices. Leave the Guild, or Leave the alliance and help his in need guildmate. 

Shardak threatens Craft Wizard certain death if he doesn't create magic armor so he can kill Craft Wizard's guildmates. Craft Wizard must ignore the threat and instead help his guildmates strengthen themselves so the Shardak's  threats cannot be kept. 

Mud Marriages

I don't really care who you marry, as long as you don't help your spouse in harming our guild. If his/her guild requires him to help them, and their guild harms us, don't help your spouse. If your spouse offers to help us that is up to them, they are not to be forced to help us, or told to leave his or her guild or else...etc. 


Character Separation

Character separation is a must here at least to a degree. I know a lot of you let others know who you are, and are compelled to help them. Just because they are your friends though doesn't mean you are allowed to help them. I know exactly what your thinking. "whats this dried up power tripping wizard think he is talking about character separation when he doesn't do it himself". To answer that is quiet simple. As one character or another I have friends, and I know their others because they tell me. I help them when I can. But lets say for instance when I was a player and a Templar friend of mine asked for help. Since I was a Cyberninja I wasn't allowed to help. Therefore if you want to help someone you aren't allowed to then just do that. But don't think you can share guild information on a whim, or use power you gained within this guild to undermine another. I will mention a small affair of what happened awhile back. A person was threatened to get kicked out of his guild because the person threatened killed the person who threatened him. (Are you lost?) Well in any case I wont tolerate this sort of behavior. If a Wizard is using his other he is to be treated as a outsider. However, if lets say you are on as your other and you want to talk to someone from this guild in private even though you may be a enemy of the guild...go ahead and talk. That is what "tell <player name> <blah>" is for. As for guild issues and complaints, save them for when your on as your wizard. Don't voice them over anything public. Do not tell anyone anything sensitive, for example trials, up coming improvements, anything on the guild boards. One other thing...I will not tolerate any guild members bickering at each other on  public channels...PERIOD. If you have issues see a officer or me. Otherwise feel free to flap at anyone else. 

What Trials are for

Trials are meant for one thing, to view ones actions. If for instance you got attacked by a pet yet the person who reported it said that you attacked then the matter would be looked into. Witnesses would be called, questions will be asked, and in any event logs are available viewed. There will be a room for where a log of the trials will be kept for future references. Once a verdict is reached then actions are taken. From possibly having to repay for pet, 10k pet for example, getting the person a demon right away for killing it...etc. After you repay for what you have done. You will lose your powers for a set amount of time. Once the timer is gone you will have your powers back, but they may not be back the way they used to be. As a penalty I may decide that a crime has warranted the removal of one of your powers and so therefore you must regain it. If you stole someone's corpse, you must give it ALL back. That means that if you sold or trashed anything that you cannot get yourself, you will get kicked out of the guild. If the person isn't here to defend himself he will be given a period of 60 days to get a hold of me or one of the guild officers. Afterwards if he doesn't defend himself he will be found guilty and be removed from the guild. Only certain wizards will be allowed to read the Trial histories, such as Prophets. 

Basic Wizards

Basic Wizards are what everyone will be when they first join. They will have basic spells which can be used later on in life as well as present time, even if they decide on what kind of wizard they will want to be. There are 3 levels with Basic Wizards. They are called Wizard of the Third Order, Wizard of the Second Order, Wizard of the First Order. As you may have seen, I went backwards on the numbers, where normally 3 would be higher, and 1 would be lower, but in this guild it is opposite. The most powerful Basic Wizards are First Order. Now depending on what type of Wizards players will want to be will depend on how far they advance as Basic Wizards. There will be two tiers, half at Second Order, and the other half at First Order. If you are First Order you cannot join a Wizard Type designated at Second Order. So if you join a wizard type at Second Order there will be spells the player wont receive cause they never made it to First Order. 

Spells

Third Order

air - creates a gust of razor sharp wind
lightning - casts lightning bolts at enemy

light - creates a small ball of liquid fire in the wizard's hand which is used as a light source. It can't be transferred to another player or dropped, if tried it will destruct.

Second Order

Spells

Wizard's Life Fire - Creates a larger version of wizards fire, except one huge difference, it destroys everything at the cost of the user's life. This spell cannot be used against pets, kids, or players without a pk flag set. The rules for this spell is still under debate, its basic use is to kill your foe(s) at the cost of your life, because you know you don't stand a chance, so since you die, you will take them with you. The Cost will not only be the cost of death. But all items on both wizard, and enemies will be destroyed. If used in pk it will have a tap on how much damage it will do, and the damage will varied according to hp, sp and value of gear and coins. Heals will not be included and only items worn will be included. So no stocking up on items. This is a LAST RESORT spell, and there will be a chance that a player can live through it, and even if he does live, everything on the wizard's corpse will be destroyed, even coins. 

wizard's fire - top of the line basic offensive spell which creates a ball of liquid fire

concealing dust - used to aid escape from players. It will basically hide the room exits shown for a short period of time, about 3 heart beats or so. It won't block the exits, just hide them. Also while its hidden anyone leaving the rooms won't be seen in which direction they go. (one reason I could see this used is to get away from players who like killing pets and kids or to run from a pk fight.) although entrances will be seen. 

Disguise (item) - Tired of people seeing what gear you have? well this will hide it. Basically what it does is it takes a item and puts it in another. Lets say you put boots in a loaf of bread...how would a person think if they saw you wearing a loaf of bread? Once hidden the item is worthless to sell, and it isn't storable. Not quiet sure if I will have a restore spell to undo it. Also while the item is hidden other players who can't feel the magic from it, cant use it. So in this way items cant be figured out or used. 

Wizard of the Second Order Sects

Craft Wizards

Able to imbue weapons and armors with a special ability. Cost will depend upon what is intended. Cost will range between sp, hp, coins, or xp with a possibility of costing stats as well. Only one armor and weapon will have a activated effect. If someone tries to use two items such as a shield and boots, then whichever item comes first will be the activated ability, while the one on bottom will remain inactive. Each ability will have a time limit or charge limit so as to not last forever. Abilities such as a sp regeneration item will cost xp, rather than sp since the player would not have to wait long to regain what they lost for sp. So far the available spells for armor and weapons will be.

SP regeneration
HP regeneration
Higher WC
Higher AC
Higher Stats
Faster Detox
Teleportation Charges
Healing Charges
Faster item recharging - example (Shadow Crown) wouldn't take so long to recharge
    These will only be the spells for items. A basic wizard will always have basic abilities                                ,  even when they decide what kind of wizard they want to be. 

Weapon Sharpening/Fixing - if possible, will cost in a variety of ways, such as high xp cost, coins, sp, hp. This is to make it not something to replace the sharpening stones, but rather for emergency use. A player in desperate need of weapon fixage will pay any price.

Prophet

Prophets can see the future, or more precise, visions. Some may become true, others wont. When a vision is forked, one branch is called true, the other is false. Prophesies are not meant to be read by anyone but someone who is skilled in understanding them. Letting someone know a prophecy can cause a catastrophe. Prophecies are best known as a vision since that is how it is meant to be seen, not the words on a paper. 


Specialty

Prophets will be the ones who will record matters of trials, and record keeping. They will learn to know their books so when something is asked he or she can raise their hand and say they know where it is at and be able to retrieve the information. Prophets will also be responsible for instilling new members with knowledge of areas they are willing to share with others.

Spells

compare - See how strong a monster is compared to you as well as align

Foresee - You see the battle ahead of you so you learn the monster's weak points so you will have a better chance of defeating it.

Heal - Prophets are fair at healing, but their skills at it are not remarkable

propel - uses their gift of air to lift objects and hurl them at their opponent. (items will be gear, the heavier the better, but the item will be dested once propelled and the damage done)


First Wizard

First Wizards are the most powerful Basic Wizards. They command an array of spells obtained from the previous two levels, plus more. Only Wizards of the First Order can use these spells due to the skills and power required to cast them. 

Light Web - tears apart a room, whole room spell. Players, pets, and kids are spared.

Enemy Web - Used to hide other players so they aren't able to ask for help. Makes a templar look like a cyber to the templars or anyone allied with them. Or vice versa. It will basically make a player look like another player who is on only. So if lets say if I was a player, and Stone was on I would then end up looking like Stone in who2, who, and the short description....when you type look or l in a room. But if you typed look at stone you will see the person in the web, but not truly who they are. So if a gang of cybers were attacking stone and I came in and used that web, the cyber would look like stone fighting stone and when the other ninjas come in they would end up fighting their guildmate rather than the real stone....yea quite confusing huh.

Wizard's Rock - Used to amplify a wizard's powers as well as several other purposes. Will be expensive to activate, and it will also take alot of sp to use. It will work only 1 room at a time. 



Spells that may be chosen at any time and available to all

Conjure - Allows a player to access the creation ability
             creates pets conjured of magic. 
            Lets the wizard change the pet according to what they want.
            There will be so far 2 different types of pets. One that will be designed to take side damage, but wont inflict damage. The other is that it will take side damage like a normal pet, but it will do damage to the mob as well. Players will have a choice. Either they can use a wocket pet, a pet from green or a demon. If you have any one of these pets and you create a pet. The other pet will die instantly. If you have your guild pet out, and you buy or receive a pet. The new pet will die. The guild pet will always be the only one to live. Wizards can change the short for the pet. The only thing it cannot do is name a pet after a player. Not sure of other blocks...but I just thought how evil it would be to have Wocket's snail following you....or icingdeath for that matter. The wizard can make the names in ansi and create a description. The pet will start out with default battle emotes. Later on when the wizard has put enough care into his pet, he can change them so it is more in theme of his creation. Like if I had a pet and it was a Shinga it would say something like shinga rips so and so with it's teeth. But if it was well abilitied, I could change it and add ansi so it would say Shinga the Underworld Beast uses it's tusks to render so and so. The more a wizard cares for his pet, the more options that will become available. The only thing that I wont allow for pet emotes is for it to be spammy....so someone cant make one that takes up 80 lines. The pets cannot attack in no attack rooms, and hoth will be able to attack them. But if hoth does attack them the pets will have a chance as long as the player doesnt panic. By giving the pet a sort of 5 heart beats of complete defense. That way the wizard can attack hoth and kill it, or else release the pet and summon it when all is clear. Pets will be ammune to hoth's charms though....so the pet wont attack his master. To gain this ability, one must find a object of rarity and value and use his/her gift to change it. The creature must be living. If the pet dies, you will have to reget a living creature, but rather than go throught he whole process again of changing things it will go to where you last had it at, minus some strength which the player has to work to regain it's pet's strength. Cause it would take time to redo it, the short, the description, the battle emotes, etc. Or if the player chooses they can start from scratch. as it will be cheaper in the cost of sp. If the pet is started from where it was last off there will be a slightly higher cost, but players may thing it is worth it compared to the time of redoing everything. (planned as a update once I get a area up or two. Sort of like a mini quest for the guild)

Shields - are used for the guild hall. If a player wishes to, he can block off his or her room. There will be a variety of different shields. One is like a spider web...the owner will be able to see who has entered or tried to tamper with the shield. The second one is that it keeps out other players. Although if a group of wizards of greater power feel it is important enough they can drain the power of the shield and pass through it. There will only be a couple instances where players wont be able to do so. As a Wizard progresses and his powers grow he will have access to more of the guild hall. If a player wants to go to a restricted area he must be led into the room by someone who can pass the shields. Now for a bit of confusion. I have said Wizard of the First Order, you know what that is. The top guild leader will be called First Wizard. The First Wizard will have his own special room. Where he can view guild matters, and have access to all aspects of the guild from within that room. Meaning he can view trials for one. This room is called the First Wizard's Enclave. No one but he can enter it on his own. He may ask someone to talk to him in private, or something else or rather. So in this room he can do it. 


Additional Stuff

Healer wizards, they can only use offensive spells if they heal people...kinda like vamps with blood. It wont work if they heal themselves. One type of healing spell
the rest of the spells are like "pain" to heal the wizard must take the pain of the person being healed, so they store it, then they can release it into a victim