Approval Notes
for Anshar's Ambrosiatic Hall
by Feldegast 3/31/01

General notes
-------------
  You did a good job on this area...Most of these notes are
minor, or balance issues.

  Monster size
The size of the monsters in this area is a little screwy, and I
think your area suffers for it.  Keep in mind that your other
area is a newbie area...It would be quite easy for a newbie to
wander into this area and get instablicked by Azelane first thing.
You should have your monsters slowly build up in size.  For example,
start with the guardians, then the armour golems, and only then
introduce the heavy hitters.  At the very very least, you need
a warning sign to indicate the level of difficulty so at least
you can tell the players, "Hey, I warned you!"

  Monster level
In case you missed the announcement, a new level guide was
issued.  It's in /doc/build/RULES/monster.guide.  You might
want to review it so you can judge what level to assign your
monsters, and how much loot(if any).

  Formatting
The standard line length for descriptions should be just under
70 characters.  Your line lengths seemed to vary from room to
room.

Rooms:
-----

hall1.c -
  Typo in "deathbane"...aquiring should be acquiring.
  You have a typo "b ends" in one of the pick says.
  You might want to think about either adding more verbs to the
    'pick' action, or providing a hint.  Pick might not be the
    first verb that players will think of, and not many players
    will sit around trying to think up verbs, because few wizards
    make plants that players can pick.
  You might want to think about adding more nouns for the enter
    command.  Gates was about the third or fourth noun I tried,
    after 'building', 'fortress' and 'gate'.

hall2.c -
  Why is there a map in here if I can't look at it?

hall3/4.c -
  For some reason your descriptions have gotten less and less wide.
    It wasn't so bad in the first room, I was willing to let you
    get away with it in the previous room, but this one definitely
    needs to be redone.  Remember, lines should be just under 70
    characters long.
  The mention of "those full suits of armor" in the descriptions is
    a little awkward, because the player might not be as preoccupied
    with the suits of armor as you are.
  Typo in the "north" command...
    Moving north, you hear a scraping behind YOU just as four forms barrel into you.

hall5/6.c -
  In the "movement" item description, that sentence should be broken
    up into two.
  This is a stylistic note, but you probably shouldn't mention flashes
    of movement to the north if you're referring to the monsters in
    the next room, because the player could kill them and come back here.

hall7/8.c -
  You forgot to capitalize the first word of the last sentence in the
    long description.

hall9.c -
  You might want to elaborate upon why the player can't go north here.

hall10.c -
  You forgot a period at the end of the long description.

hall11.c -
  I don't suppose I could squeeze another line out of you for this room's
    description?

Monsters
--------

azelane.c -
  I like what you're trying to do with the root, but this seems like an odd
    way to implement it.
  Why is her race 'goddess'?  She's tough, but not THAT tough.
  Why do you have such a tough monster guarding the entrance to your area?
    You should have a smaller mob out front to warn away the lower level
    players, and then slowly make the mobs bigger as you get further along.

armour.c -
  Perhaps you should add some color to their attack emotes?

defender.c -
  You start out with a god...Then you fight a bunch of level 19 monsters...
    and now the player has to fight some level 10 cannon fodder?  Wouldn't
    it be better to have these defenders at the gates, the armour at the
    guard posts, and azelane near the end of the level?

tanu.c -
  You forgot a period at the end of the steal ring emote.
  In Tanu's spell attack, you are referring to "The" dagger, but there is
    no other reference to it.  Perhaps it should be "Tanu's" dagger?

coran.c -
  You might want to also add a check to see if the player's weapon is droppable.

terran.c -
  Typo: foot -> feet.
  I notice you have some anti-dmage code in here.  First of all, are you aware
    that the dmages have closed?  There isn't anything else in the game now that
    has such a drastic effect, so this code seems a little overblown.
  Also, if you're going to have special code like this, you should have an
    emote that describes why something is happening so that the player has
    some indication that combat conditions have changed.


Items
-----

halberd.c -
  Type should be set to polearm.  Since the monsters are only level 10, wc16 might
    be more accurate for these.

deathmaster.c -
  Rops off?
