This is a description of the new hide in shadows ability that I hope will
be able to go into the game.
HIDING IN SHADOWS
A Ninja may only hide in shadows when there are no other living objects in
his environment, besides other ninjas. He cannot hide in shadows when
hunting or hunted. If these requirements are met, and he is at least guild
rank 8, a Ninja can hide. There is no failure chance.
EFFECT OF SHADOWS
The effect of hiding in shadows is basically an improved invisibility and
stealth. The ninja is present in the room, but players can't see him with a
quick glance. He also can enter a room quietly, as further explained
below. The ninja can be attacked by monsters or players while hiding
in shadows, as he is physically present in the room object.
The ninja can be spotted on locational who lists in his current location, so
it is only useful in the room.
MOVEMENT
Ninjas may move while they are hiding in shadows. However, there is a chance
that the ninja will step out of the shadows with the movement. Thus, he will
no longer be hiding in shadows and everyone will see him do the
movement. This chance is based on the ninja's stealth stat, his guild rank,
and the time he takes to move. Basically, there is a random(30) chance
compared to stealth (normal max 20) plus guild rank (max of 10). Each
time the ninja moves, his chances are reduced by 8 (about 25%). For
every heartbeat the ninja does not move, the chances are improved by 1. Thus,
a maxed ninja with max stealth can move 1 space every 8 heartbeats to avoid
failure. If, however, he moves multiple spaces, his chances are very slim to
stay within the shadows. The chart below illustrates this concept:
Movements  Failure chance
1          0%
2          27%
3          53%
4          80%
5          100%
These are movements within 1 heartbeat, based on ninja with maximum normal
stats and guild rank.
LOSING SHADOWS
The Ninja can stop hiding in shadows in several ways. He can choose to come
out of hiding, he can fail in movement as outlined above, he automatically
loses his hiding when in combat, and he can be spotted.
If anyone looks at a ninja while the ninja is in shadows, the ninja comes out
of hiding. As the ninja can be seen on the locational who lists, this poses
a distinct liability for hiding in shadows. All another player has to do is
go to the room with the ninja and look at him.
SUMMARY
The hide in shadows ability is better than regular invisibility while in a room.
It allows movement with stealth (if the ninja is careful and patient), and can
give the ninja an element of surprise. However, the ninja is easily spotted on
the locational who lists and can be brought out of the shadows at any time by
anyone in the same room. Ninjas cannot escape from combat with the ability, nor
do they gain any benefits in combat with it (possible backstab ability in
future however). What it mostly does is give Ninjas a stealth element that is
highly thematic and potentially fun, though hard to keep going.
