

		(_____Elementalists_____)
	
		
               History of the Elementalists
		
				
 Centuries ago, this world was the Utopia of its time. People were able
to roam freely without fear of being kidnapped, controlled, or worse,
killed. Bards lined the streets, playing music, dancing, and drinking
happily. Members of the Knights Templar would join in on the
celebrations. One night, a dark, fog-like mist overtook the world. Wild,
mysterious creatures appeared from the mist and began to wreak havoc!
The creatures began to attack the citizens of the world. They would
chomp down on their throats and rip out their vocal cords. Some of the
creatures would just infect their victims with a new disease. The
disease would kill the victim and then they would be reborn as a
pale, blood-sucking demon. Thus, the Vampires were born. Other
creatures evolved into human forms and began experimenting on more
citizens. Body parts were removed from citizens and replaced with
cybernetic implants. Thus, the Cyberninjas were born. Dark magic was
introduced to the world and the chaos began.

 An Ancient being who had been searching for intelligent life on other
planets finally arrived here. He watched as the creatures continued
their destruction and mass genocide of this worlds people. Anger grew
within him as he watched the people of this world suffer. Finally,
he could not contain it anymore and he leapt in to defend the world.
The Ancient being began slaughtering the creatures. Blood was
splattered along the sidewalks and buildings. Guts littered the streets.
The creatures eventually started to retreat back into the mist instead
of facing the fate that they would soon meet. The citizens rejoiced
at their new hero who fought off the mist!

 The Ancient Being Khnum search and claimed for worthy elders to become
the controller of his four elements and to pass them down to ones who
are worthy enough to join the ranks of the elementalists. Four elders
have been appointed to recruit and raise up more in the ranks of the
elements. To join one needs only seek out one of the four elders and ask
to join the ranks.