The Magical Village of Sin'tara [encased within a floating, invisible bubble]
re-opened because of all the magical energy floating throughout Nirvana
because of the new guilds opening.
  --
  * Librarian: Twelve years ago,
  Gilmour the Scribe was booted because his magical
  abilities were rejected by the town of Sin'tara
  [he clung to archaic practices of magic only for
  Balance] and attempted to illegalize chaotic
  uses of magic, which would result in The Void.
  He was the Elder.  The merchants around the town feared they would
  lose profits if their magical abilities were
  large illegalized.
  * The Void is what is expected to happen to the Universe when
    too much Magic is thrown off-course.  Every time a player
    is thrown into a void, it is because there was a temporal
    and dimensional displacement which "threw" the player into
    a possible reality.  Gilmour's magical studies made him see
    this more often than most.
 * Gilmour was largely regarded as a whacko, a wandering madman.
   The people knew he still wandered, for they see him in the
   dark forests to the North.  He appears to be much older now,
   a wizened old mage, when only fifteen years ago, he was a
   young, vibrant 25-year old mageling with a talent for magic
   never before seen.  He now appears to be 85.  Even their
   magical detection spells say that he is 85 years old, which
   is impossible.  He has just deteriorated that much, as the
   result of his lunacy.
 * Gilmour was replaced by Gog the Magnificent, a new wizard
   who was even more powerful and talented than Gilmour in the
   skill of magical manipulation.  Gog used his power daily,
   and played to the crowds.  He has presided as the Elder
   since three months after his coronation as a Circle Mage.
   After you learn this information, a voice tells you to
   talk to Gilmour about Sin'tara.
 * Players who seek out Gilmour will be rejected.  He will
   not listen to questions about Sin'tara.. then finally
   after you leave, he will send you a tell explaining what
   to do.  He will request that a rusted suit of platemail
   that he has hidden within the southwestern forests.
   It is the magical Platemail of the Hero, one of the
   items the Prophets created in anticipation of the Hero.
   Only before the Hero will the platemail glow when taken
   back to him.
 * The platemail fails to glow, yet you seem to notice a slight
   twinkling under the tarnish and gloom.  Gilmour gives
   it back, and you have a sudden feeling to find a mighty,
   smithy who will be able to restore the armor to
   a better state.  Only the Dwarves are so adept.
 * The only smith who will accept it is the dwarven blacksmith
   within the newbie hall, so the player BETTER find a newbie
   or someone to take it back.
   When the armor is restored, Gilmour will have disappeared,
   and a note will be left permanently inscribed upon the chalkboard
   to find him at his home in the desert of Quantos.
 * Finding Gilmour will require the player to hunt through Quantos
   until they discover a tiny, dusty shack.  Inside is Gilmour,
   in deep meditation, drawing energy from the heat, the desert
   life, and the magical Tablets of Sand.
 * The player will have to "wake" Gilmour out of his meditative
   trance.  Gilmour will spot the armor with amazement and
   cast the spell.  The armor will gleam when you united with it.
   You are the Hero!
 * Suddenly, the sinister mage "Vyrm" will appear from a portal
   with a legion of black wraiths.
 * The player will be bound to that room until they die. 
   Quitting will be impossible.  Any players besides the Hero
   will be automatically killed with a "Finger of Death" spell.
 * When they die, the platemail will be restored to where it
   initially was for a new player to try.  All quest stuff
   will be reset.
 * If they survive and kill Vyrm, he will turn into smoke.
   Slaying Vyrm will automatically destroy the wraiths.
 * Now Gilmour will accompany you back to Sin'tara to
   proclaim you the Hero, with the Platemail in tow.
   You must go right up to the Chambers.
 * Gilmour will explain everything, will be batted down
   by Gog, who the Council will tend to believe.  Gilmour
   senses something is amiss.  When the Platemail finally
   glows, the Council begins to believe -- even Gog seems to.
   Gilmour suggests that you be given both the Platemail and
   should be teleported to the Future to stop The Void.
   The only person who sides with him is Pellian, the
   Creator.
 * The magical act requires twelve circle mages.  Gog
   steps down, and claims even he would not damage the
   Realms with such a movement.  Gilmour claims that
   he has already performed such a magical act, and
   have they noticed any flow in the magic?  The move
   does not matter.  Suddenly, you get the voice telling
   you to put on the suit of armor.  When you do,
   you glimmer luminescently.
 * The circle mages side with Gilmour, and you are teleported
   to the Future [100 yrs. after]  You learn that Gilmour
   has been assassinated and Gog has revealed himself as
   Magog the Conqueror.  Magical energy is all around you.
   Sin'tara has become the only city left.  Everywhere has eroded
   into Void.  After you learn all this, a voice tells you
   to seek out Pellian at the Circle.  Magog has been putting
   down the Outcasts who have been trying to penetrate Sin'tara.
 * Pellian is the only Mage surviving, save Magog.  He is in hiding
   in the Black Tunnels of Sin'tara.
 * When you seek him out, you learn that the magic has gone too far.
   You must return to the past and stop Gog and the Circle from
   encouraging the overuse of magic.  He gives you a necklace that he
   claims the others will understand.  He brings you back to the
   Circle and you must fight your way through the guard-warriors who
   believe you an Outcast.  If you die, the quest resets.
 * Pellian uses all his remaining energy, draws it from the magical
   storms, and sends you back to your own time.  Just as you blink 
   out to somewhere in Hirandea, you see Magog using soulgrasp
   to suck all of the life out of Pellian.
 * When you go back to the Circle, they let you right in and you
   explain everything to everyone.  Gilmour adds that he has seen
   the Outcasts are simply normal people.  Gog seems to agree,
   but suggests that they take some time to think it over.
   You are placed back into personal chambers with Gilmour, who
   has a strange feeling and decides to stay with you.  Another
   voice tells you to come out to the Circle.  When you do,
   Gog is there.  You confront him finally, and he confesses 
   that he is indeed Magog the Conqueror.  Suddenly, Magog
   appears and now you must fight both of them at the same time
   for your life.  [after they paralyze Gilmour]
 * If you die, the quest is reset.  If you survive, you win! 
   Sin'tara is forever grateful.  The notoriously pinchpenny
   merchants offer you 25% of all items in their stores.
   More importantly, you are given a wing of the Castle all
   to yourself, complete with treasure hall, trophy room,
   login spot, portal room, and a treasure chest full of random 
   goodies.

