Fakir's Ways Area:

entryroom.c - Make sure that there are a limited number of leaves, OR
              the leaf has no value. Right now it is at 20 value and
              can be grabbed infinitely. Thats a nice cheat:)

/WEP:
Dagger.c - It is best not to use this_player() in the weapon_hit(),
           instead use environment() or some other method.
blade.c  - Same as Dagger.c
Very good touch with the subtraction of hps and sps to use.

Lance.c  - In the set_read, untill should be until. Also, this_player() 
           used in weapon_hit.  The use of Piety is nice, since most
           ppl don't worry about it. Might want to change the chance
           from random(50) to random(60 or 65). NICE weapon:)


/NPC:
deceiver.c - I like the change, BUT, it might not give the new xp value. Test
             this by stating it before and after the change. Otherwise nice.
searcher.c - 30 ac mob, 20 wc...I think this is fine for a 2 ac ring.

shin.c - monster_died(), what diamond?

spirit.c - Short() = spirt should be spirit. Long() = sence should be since.
           the extreme stats allows easily for the shield it gives. Good
           balance.
ROOMS:
Might want to look at feldegasts example of setting up a call_out for
room emotes instead of hobart.c....just an idea. It seems to work fine.
You 'could' add a north, south, east, west, ne, nw, etc etc to the 
directions, instead of just travel...but that is optional also.

Summary:
I see no major problems with this area, only the few adjustments needed
above.  The theme is fitting for the books that it mimics. I like the
one time use armor and weapons, this is new and should be interesting.
This is a mid to high level area that should add to play. Even though
the same desc is used in all rooms, I do feel it is fitting, giving
the sense that they could easily be lost forever.  I see no problem
with this area going into play. Actually, with it being no port AND
random room exit, a player could quite easily get stuck here. 

 				- Mal
