Area Approval Notes
Softly's Winter Area
by Feldegast
12/7/00

First of all, I apologize for taking so long to do an in-depth review
of your area.  This is the week before finals, and I've been busy with
school.

Your area is a little on the small side, but well made.  You have a
rather odd distribution of monsters, with two level 20's, lots of
newbie monsters, and two monsters in between.  In case you misunderstood me, you are not REQUIRED to have two level 20's, I just
meant that that was what you were allowed.  I'm concerned that a newbie
might come to this area, start killing ermines, and then get whacked
by the wolf, thinking this was an easy area.  While I'm not going to
require that you fix this, it is something you should pay attention to
in future areas.

Some of your items had unusual values...The weapons were unusually
powerful considering how easy the monsters are, and I didn't feel that
your theme justified this.

You had relatively few typos, which is a good thing.  Some areas that
I've seen have had 3-4 typos per room.  So while this might seem like
a long list, it really isn't.

Rooms
-----
You need to set up your castle, or create a new version of sforst2.c with an exit leading east.  I need to see this prior to final approval.

pond1.c -
  The first sentence is not complete.  You have a subject...A 
blindingly bright frozen lake nestled in a ring of dying trees.  But
you need a verb.  You could say, "There IS a blindingly..." or "A
blindingly bright frozen lake IS nestled in a ring of dying trees."

  In the description, you refer to the debris to the east as though
you'd mentioned it previously, which you hadn't.

pond2.c -
  You might want to put a message here to indicate why the player
can't enter the structure.  Something like, 'There is nothing of
interest in there.'  You can expect that players will try it, so
you should explain why they can't.  Also, you might want to refer
to it as a 'shack' in the description rather than a 'structure'.  It
is more descriptive.  From pond1.c they could tell it was a shack, so
you shouldn't give them less detail when they are closer.

pond4.c -
  "...surrounded BY dying trees..."  (You have this same typo for all
lake descriptions)

pond5.c -
  Why can't I look at the holes?  I'm usually not very strict about
item descriptions, but if it is something that I'm interested enough
to look at, then it should have a description.
  Also, when I go to the north and northeast, there are no holes. (?)

pond6.c -
  Same problem(s).  Check it out for all lake rooms.

pond9.c -
  You have an extra . in the last sentence.

pond11-12.c -
  When I mapped out your area on graph paper, the trail didn't link
up quite right.  If you got rid of one of these rooms, then it would.
Alternately, you could put in another room near pond16.

pond13.c -
  You have a typo in your undergrowth description.  This typo is in all
of the trail descriptions.

pond15.c -
  The first two sentences are talking about the undergrowth.  Isn't it
a little monotonous?

pond17.c -
  How can I 'look' at the sound?

pond18.c -
  In the 'light' description, blindling -> blindingly.
  In the 'cottage' description, tail -> tale

pond19.c -
  In the 'photographs' description, "One photograph IS OF two..."


Monsters
--------
penguin.c -
  Okay, this is being kindof picky and you don't have to do anything
about it, but if the cold is simply the product of an enchantment and
the rest of the surrounding terrain is still normal, then why are
there penguins?

hhunter.c -
  Why is his alias 'wolf'?
  hblade.c - I don't think you can justify thematically having a wc17
    knife with a return of 5.  The monster that has it isn't even
    very difficult.  Comparison: deathmace is wc18 1/3 chance of
    return 7.

wwolf.c -
  As a level 20 monster, this monster requires a spell attack, somewhere in the range of 30% chance of 15 damage, or 10% chance of
40 damage.

daniel.c -
  You've got something extra on the end of the description.
  He also needs a spell attack.
  caxe.c -
    This weapon still apears too powerful to me.  Make it wc17.

tbryant.c -
  At the start of his story, you need a Mr. Bryant says:

Final notes
-----------
  When you finish these corrections, let me know and I will do a final
look over.  If I don't have any more corrections, then I will inform
Boltar and he will add your castle to the list.  When your area is in
the game, I'm promote you to level 30.
  If you have any objections to any of these corrections, then let me
know.  I'm a reasonable person, and I can be argued with.

