Area Approval Notes
Softly's Winter Area
by Feldegast
12/7/00

--  My comments, actions, and responses begin with --
    Softly

<snip>
Your area is a little on the small side, but well made.  You have a
rather odd distribution of monsters, with two level 20's, lots of
newbie monsters, and two monsters in between.  In case you misunderstood me, you are not REQUIRED to have two level 20's, I just
meant that that was what you were allowed.  I'm concerned that a newbie
might come to this area, start killing ermines, and then get whacked
by the wolf, thinking this was an easy area.  While I'm not going to
require that you fix this, it is something you should pay attention to
in future areas.

-- Thanks .. I'm glad it is well made.  I read the firstarea file that
   you gave me.  It said 15-20 rooms max, and I was trying to stay
   within that.  (I was actually concerned because I had gone over.)
   About the mob levels, I added a chat to the hunter that warns
   of danger near the cabin.  I hope that helps.

<snip>

Rooms
-----
You need to set up your castle, or create a new version of sforst2.c with an exit leading east.  I need to see this prior to final approval.

-- Done.  /players/softly/sforst2.c

pond1.c -
  The first sentence is not complete.  You have a subject...A 
blindingly bright frozen lake nestled in a ring of dying trees.  But
you need a verb.  You could say, "There IS a blindingly..." or "A
blindingly bright frozen lake IS nestled in a ring of dying trees."

  In the description, you refer to the debris to the east as though
you'd mentioned it previously, which you hadn't.

--Done

pond2.c -
  You might want to put a message here to indicate why the player
can't enter the structure.  Something like, 'There is nothing of
interest in there.'  You can expect that players will try it, so
you should explain why they can't.  Also, you might want to refer
to it as a 'shack' in the description rather than a 'structure'.  It
is more descriptive.  From pond1.c they could tell it was a shack, so
you shouldn't give them less detail when they are closer.

-- Changed to shack.  If the player tries to go south, Mr. Bryant
   steps in front of them and asks "May I help you?" ... I thought
   that it would be obvious that this was Mr. Bryant's space.  If
   you think a different message is required, please let me know.

pond4.c -
  "...surrounded BY dying trees..."  (You have this same typo for all
lake descriptions)

-- Done

pond5.c -
  Why can't I look at the holes?  I'm usually not very strict about
item descriptions, but if it is something that I'm interested enough
to look at, then it should have a description.
  Also, when I go to the north and northeast, there are no holes. (?)

-- hehe .. the holes are an anachronism from when I intended to
   have fishing.  I've taken them all out.  Thanks for catching
   that.  It was something I meant to do.

pond6.c -
  Same problem(s).  Check it out for all lake rooms.

-- Done

pond9.c -
  You have an extra . in the last sentence.

-- Done

pond11-12.c -
  When I mapped out your area on graph paper, the trail didn't link
up quite right.  If you got rid of one of these rooms, then it would.
Alternately, you could put in another room near pond16.

-- I added pond15b.c which becomes the turn.  Pond 16 has the hunter.

pond13.c -
  You have a typo in your undergrowth description.  This typo is in all
of the trail descriptions.

-- Done.  I love grep :)

pond15.c -
  The first two sentences are talking about the undergrowth.  Isn't it
a little monotonous?

-- Yes, it is. It is horrid.  I fixed it. 

pond17.c -
  How can I 'look' at the sound?

-- Hehe .. I guess you can't.  I can't.  Next time :)

pond18.c -
  In the 'light' description, blindling -> blindingly.
  In the 'cottage' description, tail -> tale

-- Done (I'm so ashamed)

pond19.c -
  In the 'photographs' description, "One photograph IS OF two..."

-- Done

Monsters
--------
penguin.c -
  Okay, this is being kindof picky and you don't have to do anything
about it, but if the cold is simply the product of an enchantment and
the rest of the surrounding terrain is still normal, then why are
there penguins?

-- I like penguins.  I don't have any other excuse.

hhunter.c -
  Why is his alias 'wolf'?
  
-- duh ... fixed
   I added a 3 chats that warn about the cabin and the wolf.

hblade.c - I don't think you can justify thematically having a wc17
    knife with a return of 5.  The monster that has it isn't even
    very difficult.  Comparison: deathmace is wc18 1/3 chance of
    return 7.

-- I made it wc15 with a 1/3 chance of a return of 3

wwolf.c -
  As a level 20 monster, this monster requires a spell attack, somewhere in the range of 30% chance of 15 damage, or 10% chance of
40 damage.

-- I made it 30/15 ... protects the ones who hit it by mistake.

daniel.c -
  You've got something extra on the end of the description.
  He also needs a spell attack.

-- I made this one 15/35 ... he is steady with bursts of rage
   I also added a small attack chat
  
caxe.c -
    This weapon still apears too powerful to me.  Make it wc17.

-- Done

tbryant.c -
  At the start of his story, you need a Mr. Bryant says:

-- Done

Final notes
-----------
  When you finish these corrections, let me know and I will do a final
look over.  If I don't have any more corrections, then I will inform
Boltar and he will add your castle to the list.  When your area is in
the game, I'm promote you to level 30.

-- Cool ... I think I'm done.

  If you have any objections to any of these corrections, then let me
know.  I'm a reasonable person, and I can be argued with.

-- I'll save the arguing for when I really need it :) 
   Thanks.